
Everything's gone wrong.
I know, it's not as I had planned.
What are we going to do now?
I'll speak to Bob, he'll be able to help us.

Okay, so we're agreed on 900.
I'm happy with that price.
Let's shake on it.
Okay, let's shake on it.

Did you take the job?
No.
Why not?
It involves a lot of travel.

Hello! Is this Mr. Chang?
Yes. Who is speaking?
This is Kelly speaking. I am calling from London. How are you, Mr. Chang?
Oh, Kelly, I couldn't recognize your voice. Well, I'm fine.
Mr. Chang, I just want to tell you that we are leaving London for Beijing by flight CP 645 on Saturday morning. Could you meet us at the airport, please?
Excuse me, I couldn't quite hear you. This line is crossed. Can you speak louder, please?
I will say it again... Do you hear me now?
Much better. I will definitely go to the airport to meet you.
Thank you very much. Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Look, Bob hasn't made any progress on that project.
I see what you mean.
We should have a word with him.
Let me handle it.

Hi Bob, I won't be in work tomorrow.
Why, what's the problem?
I have a dentist appointment.
Okay.

What kind of personality do you think you have?
I am very active and energetic. I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like leaving them half done.
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted?
I am quite outgoing, I think. I enjoy mixing and doing things with other people.
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy?
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends. A person can't live all by himself. A friend in need is a friend indeed. So the more really close friends I have, the happier I am.
Do you have any friend you would call really close ones?
Yes, I would call three of my former classmates really close friends. We often get together and talk with each other. Whenever I counter difficulties, they are always ready to give me a hand.
What kind of people would you like to work with?
People who are honest, dedicated to their work and have integrity.
What kind of people you find hard to work with?
Slacker and those who violate working principles.

Bob, What are you thinking about?
I'm thinking about that idea we talked about.
Do you think it'll work?
I'm not sure.

Can you work over tonight?
Sorry, I'm supposed to be with my son.
Okay, I'll ask Bob to cover it.
Thanks. I appreciate it.

I thought about what you said.
And what did you decide?
I decided that you're right.
I'm glad you saw the reason.

Hello, Bob. Can you give me an update of the situation?
Mary's is handling it.
Is everything under control?
Of course. Mary is our most experienced member.

Is it okay to have a day off next week?
Why? What's the problem?
I need to go to the dentist.
Okay, I'll get Bob to cover you.

I'm going to let Bob know about the merger.
It makes no sense to tell him about that.
Why?
Because he'll tell Mary and that will cause us problems.

I'm tired.
Okay, let's call it a day.

Sorry, Mary, I can't make it in time for dinner.
Okay, Bob, when will I see you?
Maybe I will be around later.
Okay, I'll see you later.

Bob was late for work this morning.
Has he been late before?
Yes, once last week.
Thanks for letting me know.

Maybe you should have told me first?
Why?
Because we're partners.
I realize that but I needed to make a decision.

May I help you?
Yes, I'm looking for Bob.
He's in a meeting with Phil.
No problem, I can wait.

What is this for?
It's the key for the safety deposit box.
Okay, thanks.
You're welcome, glad to be of assistance.

We're having trouble with Bob.
What's the problem?
He's been late for work twice.
Okay, I'll speak to him.

John, do you have a minute?
Oh, hi, Leo. Sure, what’s up?
Well, I’Ve been meaning to talk to you about the situation in the office.
But I’m not in there very often. It’s so noisy that I can’t work.
That’s exactly what I’m getting at. We’re supposed to be able to do our preparation and marking in that office, but have you noticed? Jack constantly has students coming in to get help with his course. A lot people are going in and out.
Has anybody spoken to him about it?
No, not yet, but someone’s going to have to.
We really can’t ask him to stop having students come in for help, can we?
No, of course not. But I’m not able to do my work and neither are you.
How about recommending him to use the storage room down the hall?
Oh, that would be too small.
With the cabinets taken out, it might be bigger than it looks.
Come to think of it, you may be on to something. Let’s go have a look.
Let's rock n'roll.

Mrs. Phoebe, here are your ordered goods. Please inspect the goods now.
All right. Let me have a check. Can you tell me how can you inspect your exported goods?
Our quality control department is in charge of the inspection, which is directly under general manager. It is essential to attach the importance to the quality of goods. It is the basement for the future cooperation.
That is good. And here I give you a piece of advice. You should have used stronger cardboard boxes for such a heavy item. Besides, it's better to secure the cartons with metal straps. What's more, the order number wasn't anywhere on some of the boxes.
I realize that now. I will do that after a while.
Thank you. Can I open the packages to check the color and style?
Of course, let me help you.
The color and style are consistent with the sample. Great!
You know, we are superior to other clothes companies.
Yes, that's for sure. There is nothing wrong with the quality. I think you'd better pack them first in plastic bags, than in cartons.
OK. We will manage it later.

Hello, Green Trading Company. What can I do for you?
I'm Mr. Stephen's secretary. He has an appointment with Mr. Green today.
Yes, it will be at three o'clock this afternoon.
I'm afraid we have to reschedule it.
Didn't we make that appointment a long time ago?
I'm very sorry. But Mr. Stephen must leave for Hong Kong right away.
How about Friday afternoon?
That will be fine.

Kim, have you made contact with Mr. Lee?
Not yet, Mr. Wang. But I'm working on it.
What seems to be the problem?
I just keep getting a busy signal.
Maybe his phone is out of order. Anyway, keep working on it. I really need an answer about the contract I sent him.
All right, I'll let you know when I get through.

Linda, it's really late. Let's call it a day.
Good idea. We can finish this project the first thing tomorrow morning.
Sure thing. Do you want me to give you a ride home?
That’s great. Thanks for the ride. I really appreciate 1 it. You know my car is still in the shop.
Don't mention it. It’s my pleasure.
It's very nice of you.

Mrs. Lee, I’Ve stayed here for almost a week. And I really must leave tomorrow.
Please feel free to stay as long as you want. You know you’re always welcome here.
Thank you. You’Ve been so nice to me.
Is there anything else I can do for you before your leave?
No, thanks. You’Ve done a lot for me already. Thank you for everything.
Don’t mention it. I’Ve really enjoyed your company.

Oh, this is Monica
OK. Commodity inspection is really an important part of our trade contract.
Yes. Let's first define the inspection right.
Following the rules of world business, the exporters have the right to inspect the goods before the delivery, while the importers have the right to re-inspect the goods after their arrival.
Would you tell me how the inspection is conducted before shipment and by which agency?
Inspection is to be done by the China Commodity Inspection and Testing Bureau. Usually inspection is conducted within five days before each shipment.
And can you tell me about the re-inspection?
Yes. The re-inspection should be made within seven days upon the arrival, and if any discrepancy is found, the claim must be raised within one month.
I see. How do they make testing and analysis of this item?
They always use the standard and method laid down in the contract.
What if the results from the two inspections do not coincide with each other?
A seminar of technical specialists including the surveyors from both sides will be held to clarify which result is correct.

I've been working hard for a whole year. I really need a break.
That's true. You need to take some time off to relax.
You said it. I'm looking forward to my annual vacation.
When are you going to take your vacation?
Later this month. I can't wait!
I really envy you. You know I'm not taking my vacation until December.

Your PC is so amazing. Are you doing trade on internet?
Thank you for your compliment. I bought this PC with my first-month salary. I am getting to know the on-line trade.
I'm wondering if you often trade with others on the internet.
Yes, I often do business through internet now.
Oh, really? Is it a good way?
Yes, very gorgeous. Sometimes, I can deal with my business without stepping out of our house.
What advantages does it have?
Firstly, it is convenient. And secondly, it has low cost, because you know you only need to pay the fee of internet service.
I agree with you. It will cost too much when going abroad to join the exhibition.
The most important is that it is very convenient. You know you can browse the website and send E-mails to your customers at any time. Even you can have e-contract with your regular customers.
So cool, if we do business through other ways, it will cost a lot of time.
Sure, but every coin has two sides. Doing business through the internet is not as safe as doing business through traditional ways.
Will you give me some suggestion?
Of course, such as Alabama, which is a famous website.
Thank you. Maybe I will do business through internet in the future.

Mr. Wang, have you enjoyed your stay here?
Of course, I’Ve enjoyed it very much. I’Ve met my old friends and made some new friends.
We’Ve all enjoyed being with you. When will you come back?
Sometime next year.
I’m looking forward to seeing you again. Take care.
The same to you. Keep in touch.

I heard you were promoted to general manager of IBM’s China Head quarters.
That’s true. I got the news yesterday.
You did a good job for the company. So, this is your first day in the new position. How do you feel?
Not bad. I’m confident. And I like challenges.
I believe you are cut out for this position.
Thank you.

Hello, Fred. What are you doing?
I'm doing the business online.
Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce? Now, many people mentioned the word,'e-commerce', in front of me.
E-commerce, or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet.
What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce?
We can complete a trade by email, electronic data interchange and smart cards, and so on.
What are the benefits of e-commerce?
Firstly, it can overcome the geographic limitation. And secondly, e-commerce can lower the internal costs. And thirdly, people like us, can also open stores on Internet.
How things have changed now!

Your silk garments have aroused much interest in our country ever since our first order was put on the market. We have no doubt we can do better this year if you appoint us your sales agent.
We appreciate your intention, but the amount of your orders last year was moderate.
That's true. However at the Fair last March, people were so interested in Chinese garments that the demand this year will surely increase.
Do you think it will help if we appoint a local agent?
I'm sure it will, if we are appointed your agent. Your garments are attractive, and we, a well-established importer with multiple sales channels, can boost the sales.
Well, we'll consider your proposal.

I know that you are interested in our washers.
Yes, we are thinking of placing an order. However we would like to know what kinds of machines are available for export and in addition your sales terms, including mode of payment, discount and possible date of delivery.
We supply washers of all types and sizes. We have years of experience in the manufacture of washers.
We have read about this in your sales literature. Could you give us some idea of your prices?
Our prices compare favorably with those offered by other manufactures either in Europe or anywhere else. Here are our latest price lists. You will see that our prices are very attractive.
Do you take special orders? That is, do you make machines according to the specific requirements from clients?
Sure, we do.
How long does it usually take you to make delivery?
As a rule, we deliver all our orders within three months after receipt of relevant L / C. It takes longer, of course, for special orders. In no case would it take longer than six months.
Good. One more thing, we'd like you to quote us on CIF basis.
Okay. No problem.

Mr. Smith, I would like to get right to the point here. First, we need to talk about how much each company will pay.
Well, we want to have the largest share. Our company is much larger than yours, and we have been in business longer.
Let's look at that another way. The major point is the value that we add, not who has been in business longer, or is bigger.
What are you thinking about?
We do not want to place ourselves in an inferior position. We are a good, small company---that's why you are interested.
Then, what would make you feel more comfortable?
If you take a 75 % position in the venture, we would take a back seat to you.

This is our best product.
How long will it take to make five hundred?
They'll be done before the end of the week.
Good.

Have you got any specific proposal about the terms of payment?
I wonder if we can make payment for this order by documentary collection.
I'm sorry to say the only term of payment we can accept is 100 % irrevocable letter of credit payable against shipping documents.
But our order this time is very large. To open an L / C for such a large amount at a bank is costly. Can you be a bit more flexible and bend the rule a little?
I'm afraid not. We insist on a letter of credit, because as seller, we also have the problem of funds being tied up.
To be frank, a letter of credit would increase the cost of my import. When I open a letter of credit with a bank, I have to pay a deposit. That will tie up my money and add to my cost.
Consult your bank and see if they will reduce the required deposit to a minimum.

Sir, I am very glad to tell that we have successfully registered the trademark for our new product. It is the time to think of some effective promoting strategies. We are beginning to get more attention from overseas.
Well done, Fred. Do you know something useful for our promotion for our I-series?
OK, Let me see. I suppose we must strengthen our promotion, because our brand is still new to some consumers. Maybe we should start our advertising program with our local and overseas distributors simultaneously, because they stand on a better position for selecting the best ways to advertise in market places. Besides, the advertisement fund can encourage them to spend more attention on advertising our products.
That is a good idea to start with. I also think the mass media is also a good approach for advertising.
Yes, the mass media has wider influence. One of my classmates works in an advertisement company. I can get help and inspiration from him. And we can also try some less expensive approaches of advertising, such as on-line sales. Personally, I prefer to the on-line sales, for it is cheaper, faster and wider.

Mr. Chen, I have a Marry from realty world on line one.
I don't have time to talk to her now.
OK, I'll take a message.
Thank you.

Mr. Wilson. We very regret the mistakes in goods. I am very sorry and we are responsible for the mistake.
We have no choice but to hold you responsible for the loss we sustained.
The first problem is supposed to be solved after the investigation. About the second problem, I admit it's our fault, so we will exchange all merchandise that falls short of our sample.
Well. I hope there won't be such things.
I can assure you that such a thing today will never happen again in future delivery. We have made the plan to improve the package of our exported goods.

How about overtime work?
Overtime work is very common in companies. I can work overtime if it's necessary, but I don’t think we will work overtime everyday.
Do you like regular work?
No, I don’t like regular work. I am interested in different projects with new opportunities and new challenges, but I can do regular work if the company needs me to do so.

Good morning. This is Apple Corporation. May I speak to Ballam?
Speaking.
I’m calling to offer you the position of computer engineer.
May I ask how much I can get every month?
Your starting salary is 3, 000 yuan a month, but if you work well we will put you on our regular staff after six months time and your salary will be raised to 5,000 yuan a month.
I thought the starting salary is too low.
What is the lowest salary you may consider?
I hope to make 4,000 yuan a month for supporting my family.
That’s all right. We will pay you 4, 000 yuan a month for supporting your family. Would you like to start on next Monday?
No problem. Thank you for hiring me, I am very proud to be employed by your company and I will come in at eight o’clock sharp Monday.

I'm Mary Kell. May I ask your name?
My name is Zhuang Lingy. How are you, Miss Kelly?
I'm glad to meet you, Mr. Zhuang. Sit down, please.
Thank you. Miss Kelly.
What are your qualifications for being a clerk typist?
I can type 120 words a minute and I take shorthand at 80 words a minute.
Would you be willing to take a typing and shorthand test?
Yes, I would. ( After testing )
Your typing and stenography are pretty good. Would you be interested in applying for the job?
Yes, I'd like to give it a try.
All right. You need to have an interview with our manager, Mr. McBride. Let’s go to his office.

What's wrong with you?
I'm trying to send the instruction book by E-mail, but I failed many, many times. And there is something wrong with the net maybe. It's so slow.
Well, maybe the net is slow now. Try it again.
I am used to editing with Word 2003, and there are many pictures in the book.
It's beyond question. You can save it the same as a document.
I merely know how to send the direct letter. But I am not familiar with the attachment.
It's the same as usual. The only difference lies in that you need to paste the book as an attachment.
Can I mail the book if it is a large file?
There are limitations to the capacity of an E-mail. Commonly it's no more than 4 MB.
What if it exceeds the capacity?
You can divide it into several documents to mail. Or you can download the mentioned software from the warning.

Hello, Westhaven Company.
Hello, may I speak to Mr. Richard?
This is Michael Richard speaking. Who is calling?
Mr. Richard, this is Henry. I was interviewed by you last Tuesday.
You gave me a deep impression then. Can I help you?
I’m just calling to follow up on the situation of the salesman position.
We have made the decision to hire you.
Wonderful. Thank you very much. I have been dreaming to work with your company and I am finally granted the great opportunity. I won’t let you down and I hope you will contact me when you have any questions.
I will, thank you for calling.

What post have you held before?
I have been a salesman.
How many places have you worked altogether?

Hello, Could you please connect me to Mr. Cook's office? It is on Line Three.
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension number.
Oh. Then I don't know what his number is. Can you check it for me?
OK. Hold on, please.
OK. Thank you.
Mr.Cook is on Line Six. I'll put you through.
Thank you. You helped me a lot.
You are welcome.

Well, Miss Liu, I've enjoyed talking with you. Thank you for your interest in this job.
It's my honor, Mr. Mike. By the way, how can I know whether I am accepted or not?
We hope to make a decision in the next few days. We'll notify you of our decision by mail, is this convenient for you?
Yes. Thank you very much. I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Good luck to you, good-bye.
Good-bye.

Can I talk to you for a moment, manager?
Yes, of course. What is it?
I've decided to leave.
Leave? Why?
I've worked here for two years. And I want to do something different.
What do you mean by something different?
I want to live abroad and learn to speak a different language.
I'm really sorry. But I understand.
Thank you, manager.

I fired Mr. Li today.
That's terrible.

... So what I think we need to do is ( XXXXXXXXXX ) finish on time.
Sorry, Tom, can you say that last bit again please? We didn’t get that.
Oh, OK, I said ( XXXXXXXXXX ) on time.
Sorry Tom, We're having problems hearing you here. It’s a bit hissy. Can you hear us?
( XXXXXXXXXX )
Hello?
( XXXXXXXXXX ) but I don’t think you can hear us. ( XXXXXXXXXX ) Hello? ( XXXXXXXXXX )
Tom, if you can hear me, I think we’Ve lost you. There’s a problem with the line. Let’s try again. We’ll call you.
( XXXXXXXXXX ) OK ( XXXXXXXXXX ).

We have received your resume in answer to our ads. I would like to talk with you regarding your qualification for this position, OK?
It is my honor to have this chance for this interview. Well, my major is commercial English. You know, and I am not only familiar with useful English expressions in business, but also learn some theories on this field. Besides, during my college learning period, I also attended some commercial activities to strive for the opportunity of practicing what I learned.
What is your greatest weakness?
Well, I was a diligent student when I stayed in my college. I dislike meeting the deadline, when I am working on a project. I am always willing to complete it well ahead of the schedule.
What is the greatest disappointment in your life?
Well, I lost my grandpa when I was only ten. I often recall the period when he fed me.
Well done! Another question! When will you start work, if you are hired?
I will start my work at the beginning of next month.

What price do you suggest for 300,000 sets of Article No. 2323 with London as the destination port?
Let me see. It's £ 800 per set CIF London.
What commission terms can you offer?
Usually the commission is three percent of the net invoice amount after deduction of discounts.
Couldn't you raise the commission to five percent?
Considering our good relationship and our future business, we give you four percent. That's the best we can do. We can't go any further. What would you say to it?
Then I'll accept it with thanks.

Good morning, Janice. Our office will hold a welcoming party in the evening, so I will allocate you some assignment.
Is that difficult?
Don't worry. I will find someone to assist you.
That's all right. What can I do?
Firstly, you should go to the supermarket, which is nearest to our company, to buy some fruit, drinks, desserts and cakes. Here is the list of things you need to buy.
Well. I can do it. And then?
The meeting room on the Fourth Floor needs to be swept. Jerry and Tom will help you at that time. Any questions?
Who will pay for these things?
Don't worry about that. I have already calculated the money about things you will buy. Remember to give me the receipt when you come back.
OK. I will go in no time.

Our benefits usually include medical insurance, public accumulation fund and allowances.
What are the allowances?
If you go on a business trip, you will enjoy the allowance. It is 200 yuan per day.
Well, I see. And what about the vacation in our company?
As a new-comer, you usually have five days of annual vacation. And remember you have to fill out a request form, if you want to ask for leave.
Will our company have some recreational activities?
Of course. In spring and autumn, we will hold some sports actives. And in movie seasons, we bulk purchase film tickets.

Now let me tell you your definite duties in this office and this is your desk. Please sit down.
I see. Thank you. Sir, what kind of duties will I do?
B, your main duty is to answer phone calls and transfer files to the person who wants them. Is that difficult?
It's easy. Is there anything I can do for you, sir?
Well. I have nearly forgotten. Mr Green from ABC Company had an appointment with me, but I will be very busy at that time. If he calls, you can tell him the appointment will be changed to next week.
I will leave a memo for you, sir.

Can you ship this batch of cotton within five or six weeks?
What kind of cottons are they? May I see your list? Ah, machine prints.
Yes, mainly prints. There are a few plain as well. Here they are.
I see. And the quantities.
200 rolls of each. Make it 200 rolls for each sample.
How many rolls altogether?
Twenty prints and five plain. That makes 5,000 rolls in all.
Six weeks, did you say?
Yes, five to six weeks.
We could manage the plain rolls in six weeks. The prints might be put off to eight weeks.
Eight weeks? We can wait that long.
That's the best we can do just now, I'm afraid.
Can't you make it seven weeks for the prints?
What about taking the prints in two shipments? Two thousand rolls in seven weeks, and the remained a week later.
That might be acceptable. I shall have to cable our Beijing office to get their approval. You can definitely supply in the time you've given me, I suppose.
Yes, I'll see that you get those delivery. Shipping by'S. S. American'as usual, is that all right?
That's right.
When can we expect your confirmation of the order?
As soon as I hear from Beijing, that will be either Friday or Saturday.
All right.

These goods can be broken very easily, so we would be thankful if you would be sure to use durable packing materials.
That will be no problem. We never use any kind of inferior packaging. Your goods will be safe.
Good. Can we ask you to put a country of origin mark on each container?
We always do that, but I will make a point to check it for you since it is so important.
Do you always put a quality mark on each container? For this shipment it is crucial to us that you do.
We don't usually do that unless we are asked to. I'lI tell my staff to take care of this for you.
Thanks. This shipment is so important to us there cannot be any foul-ups.

What kind of packing do you plan to use for this consignment of goods?
Cartons. Is that okay?
I'm concerned about the possible jolting, squeezing and collision that may take place when these cases are moved about.
Well, what I can tell you is this. We've got an excellent record on making deliveries to our customers. Besides, all our cartons are lined with shockproof cardboards and are wrapped up with polyethylene sheets. So they're not only shockproof but also dampproof.
In that case, I guess I can rest assured.
Well, I guess you can say that. The safety of packing is something we always pay a lot of attention to. Especially for those fragile commodities, we've got to be extra careful. Otherwise, if the things we don't want to see happened, we would be responsible and that'll cause you a lot of inconvenience, too.
You're right. But wouldn't it be safer to use wooden cases?
We sure can if you want us to, but the charge will be much higher.
It wouldn't be worth the trouble in that case, would it? Let's still use cartons.
Sure, no problem. As I said, cartons are good enough for goods like this. You don't have to worry about it.

Could I have a word with you, Madam?
Is that you, Janice? Just speaking.
I have to tell you that I can't be in today and tomorrow.
So sorry to hear that. What's wrong with you?
I feel sick and coughed a lot at night.
Is that serious? You ought to see a doctor.
Yes, I did this in the morning. And my doctor wanted me to have a rest these two days.
That's good. Do you suppose you will be back at company the day after tomorrow?
I hope so. And I will definitely tell you if I can not.
Well, take care of yourself. And hope you will be better as soon as possible.

Let's start out to discuss the question of payment terms.
I suppose you know very well that we require irrevocable letters of credit payable against presentation of shipping documents.
I fully understand your position. An irrevocable letter of credit ensures that the seller gets paid in time. But, on the other hand it would add to the buying costs. We've been, after all, trading partners for 3 years and you know us well. Can't you give us D / A or D / P?
I'm afraid it has been our practice so far to insist on payment by L / C.
But on our part, our government is reluctant to approve of L / C payment for our imports. And there is the licensing problem.
I understand that. Still, I'm not in a position to help you. Maybe we could do something later when we have had more and larger deals together.

Can you effect shipment during September?
I don't think we can make it.
Then when at the earliest can we expect the shipment?
By the middle of October.
It's too late. You see, in our market October is the season for the kind of commodity. So the goods must be shipped before October or we won't be ready for the season.
Well, considering our long standing good business relationship, we'll try hard to negotiate with our manufacturers for an earlier delivery.
Thanks. Then may I suggest that you put down in the contract'shipment on September 15 or earlier '?
Let me see. Now the workers will have to work on three shifts for it. Well, we can manage it on 20th September. That's the best we can do.
Oh, that's very considerate of you. I'lI take your word for it.

Sir, I want to ask for a leave for five days. Here is the request form.
Let me see your form. You mentioned that you want five days to go back home for New Year, right?
Yes, I need to go home to have a family reunion.
Do you still remember we already have a New Year celebration on January 1st?
Yes, sir. I remember it. But our Chinese usually celebrate the New Year on lunar calendar.
Well, I understand that. Your request is approved. Remember to give my best regards to your parents.

Well, we've settled everything in connection with this transaction except the question of the mode of payment.
Because this order is a comparatively big one, we would like to pay by time L / C, say, 60 days L / C.
Payment by sight L / C is quite usual in international trade, and as a rule, we only accept payment by sight L / C.
But we have only moderate mean at hand. If you can do us a special favor this time and allow us to delay payment, we'd really appreciate it.
Accepting time L / C is unusual and I've never done it before, but we could consider your request. I'll phone our company to see what they say.
Thank you for your consideration. When will you let me know your answer?
This afternoon.

What do you think about the equipment in our company?
We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible.
I also realized this issue. And office automation is essential.
Besides, Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age.
Good idea. A network of work stations is helpful for our management.
And, to be frank, our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function.
You are right. The current equipment of our offices really falls behind. Next week, you can provide me a catalogue of new equipment.

David, how is your interview?
I was nervous at that time. What about you?
Just fine. I tried to answer every question raised by HR carefully. I found some answering skills are useful. These questions are different from exams.
We can have a rest now after this tough interview.
Don't be rush. It is suggested to write a letter for the Personnel Department of Future Clothes Company.
Sounds like a good idea. And I think this can leave deep impression to HR. How can we write a suitable letter?
Just to show your gratitude to the chance and tell them your impression on the company. And you can mention some details in your own interview to remind them of you.
I am getting to know your meaning.

Could you show me how to operate this fax machine? I am going to receive some urgent fax from a company.
Of course. Let me check it. Firstly, don't be frustrated about all the buttons on it.
That's right.
After overcoming these buttons, you should check whether there is any paper in the machine, you must make sure this.
I couldn't agree more.
And then prepare what you want to receive. If you want to send a photograph, you must copy one.
What can I do next?
The next thing you should do is to wait. The sender will give you the fax.
Look. Some of the faxes come through blurred. What is wrong with it?
Maybe we should call its after-service man.

How much tea are you going to order?
We want to order 3,000 cases and hope to deliver the goods in two equal lots.
When do you want to deliver the goods?
We'd like you to execute the first delivery by June 30 and the second delivery by August 15.
I'm sorry, but June 30 is quite soon. I can't guarantee 1 500 cases, I'd prefer the first shipment to be 1,000 cases and the next 2,000 cases.
I can agree to that.
Let me affirm this again - the first shipment of 1,000 cases, to be delivered in 27 days, by June 30, and the second shipment of 2,000 cases by August 15. Right?
Right.
Well, if there's nothing else, I think we've settled everything.
Let's hope it's the beginning of a long and prosperous relationship.

How are you doing? Pretty good, I imagine?
Actually not so good. That's why we made a special trip to see you.
OK, let me hear it. I'd be glad to help if I can.
Good. I want to discuss with you the mode of payment for the construction of the power plant under negotiation.
Well, I trust that your presence will hasten the settlement of payment terms.
I would like to explain to you our financial position. The manufacture of machinery and its accessories and parts will consume both time and money. It takes five years to manufacture the machinery and we will have to advance the cost for the main machines to be produced, and besides this there are large sums to be paid to our subcontractors for the manufacture of the accessories and parts.
But for an enterprise of your size, an order from us will certainly not embarrass you financially.
Well, in fact, it is beyond our financial capability.
In what way can we solve the problem?
Have you considered the possibility of a buyer's credit?
Yes. But the sum is large, it must be provided by a group of banks.
So, we propose your company apply to Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation for a long-term loan. Six months before each shipment, you through Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation open, in our favour, an irrevocable, dividable L / C which is to remain valid for two months.
Well, we accept your suggestion.

I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports.
It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight.
What about a draft at 120 days sight?
All right. But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us.
A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports. You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due.
Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank. You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible.
I hope this transaction will pave the way for further business relations between our two countries.
So do I.

How many do you intend to order for our shirts?
What's the minimum quantity of an order for your goods?
We are not interested in small orders. I suggest you order at least 2 000 dozen.
No problem. We want a minimum of 1,000 dozen of men's shirts and a minimum of 3,000 dozen of embroidered shirts. Can you guarantee continuous production and adequate supply?
Yes, of course. We have enough productivity. You can rest assured.
And for such a big quantity, you should give us a discount.
Sure, we can reduce our price by ten percent.
That's great.

We like your product, and are interested in placing an order with you as soon as possible.
Well, we can proceed with the order until after the Christmas holidays. Our factories will be closed for another week.
That's all right. We will send you a purchase order in one week. I hope you will be able to take care of it.
No problem. Once we get your purchase order, we will begin the execution of the order right away.
Thanks. We need the products in less than one month, because we have a big deal with another company. By the way, will payment against delivery be OK?
That will be fine. And I can promise you that you'll get the goods about two weeks after we get your purchase order.

We will carry out the order when the purchase order gets here.
Good. And because this is our initial order, and your products is so new, we would like to make a deal with you.
Well, actually in most cases we don't talk about special deals, but since this one is so new I will listen to what you have to say.
We want to make this a trial order. If we can sell all the products in two months, we will pay for them ; if not, we will send them back to you.
I can't agree to that. My company will have to pay for both sending them and bringing them back.
We promise that if the products are sold out in two months, we will place a repeat order right away, at the same quality.
OK, I agree. But the repeat order can't have the same terms.

You look bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.
Of course, just five minutes ago I got the phone call from Future Clothes Company and I was told to start my trial period in that company next Monday.
Congratulations! Let's get together sometime.
Great idea.
Well, I am worried to death right now! There is still no news from the company for me.
Let it be! Time will tell.
Maybe they will send me e-mail to inform the result. Let me check my mail-box again.

To start with, may I ask why you chose to work at our company?
First, you have had an impressive growth record, ever since the company had been founded for half a century. Second, I can improve myself by working here.
Well, please look at the employment contract. I'd like to go over the main details again before signing. First, you will be getting a monthly salary, and no probation is involved.
Yes, I get it. Will the medical plan cover me while on duty?
Of course. A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company. Any extended illness will be covered by insurance. Have you read the other terms of the contract?
Yes, I have read. In the contract, I am expected to be available up to two hours past normal working hours. Is that right?
Yes, any approved overtime of more than two hours will be paid twice of the salary or take time-off.
That's exactly my understanding.
Good. Now, you sign here, you can start work the beginning of next month.

Steven, have a rest. Could you have a talk with me?
OK! What can I do for you, Madam?
Janice has just got sick and I need a hand now. Could you come here earlier tomorrow morning?
When do you want me to come?
Let me think. About half past seven if it is okay for you.
That's fine. I can make it.

Fred, is it a good time to talk with you?
Sure, what's the matter?
As you know, I have accepted three new programs in our company this year, but I am not sure I can do my work well. And right now my dilemma is that I can not find a person whom I can trust for these three programs.
What do you think we can do about this?
We are not willing to miss the chance ; however, our staff is not big enough now. So, to be honest, I want you to help me to finish all these programs.
Well, sir, I am busy in market development. So I am worried whether I can do this.
I am aware you have been working so hard. Before hiring more employees, you are still needed to do this.
OK! I will try this.

Good morning. My name is Penny White. I'm new here.
Nice to meet you. My name is Tyler Smith. Let's go to your office desk, follow me please.
OK.
Here is your working place. Nancy will come to show you how to set up the telephones. I'm going to call her now so that you can get started. Is that OK?
Yes, that's OK. I'm glad to get started.
If you have any further questions, just ask me.
OK. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.

I have read your resume.What is your last job?
I've worked in the Production Department for two years.
Could you introduce your biggest accomplishments in your last job?
Working with my colleagues, we were able to increase the production efficiency by 5 %.
Great! Could you tell me your educational background?
Yes. I got a bachelor's degree in English from Beijing University.
Why are you willing to work for our company?
I can get more promotion in your company.
OK, that's all. We'll inform you in two days.
Thank you.

My pal, you are so nervous recently. You don't need to be like that.
I am worried about that Arden will display all my drawbacks in the performance review. That will be embarrassing.
Just use your head. If you were definitely making some big mistakes, you would be informed.
I had a nightmare last night and I dreamt Arden told me that my performance fell short of his expectation. I was terrified to wake up after hearing that.
That is merely a dream. Remember, there is always room for us to have further improvement. I think we did the good job in the whole period.
I know what you are talking about. The performance evaluation process starts from the day we're hired. There is no surprise during the actual review.

In the past half year, we made some schedules and objectives, do you still remember that?
Of course. I spent the whole week to know the general process for these plans. And since I was employed, I have been working on them. Madam, how am I doing? Are you satisfied with my job?
How do you feel what you have done? Did you meet our goals?
I suppose so. I tried my best to be familiar with all these appliances and office process. Certainly without my colleagues'help, I could not do these things in such a short period.
Yes. And you also overworked in last month, when Steven asked for leave. I have been very satisfied with your performance. And your dependability has been a great asset.
Thanks for your praise, Madam.

Stephen, can you work overtime tonight?
What's wrong? We have been working overtime recently.
The holiday is coming so we need to finish our task.
Must we finish our task before the holiday?
Yes. The contract must be kept.
OK. I know. But Bob wanted to change shifts with me tonight.
Did he say why?
He said he would celebrate his girlfriend's birthday.
Don't worry. I will tell him about that.
It is convenient for me to work overtime tonight.
Thank you for that. And I will double your pay.

OK, I just want to brief you all on the travel market in Taiwan. To start with, generally speaking, the travel industry in Taiwan focuses mainly on tours. This segment of the industry is well developed.
Sorry to interrupt, Doris, but can you tell me more about these tour groups, what kind of things they enjoy, and so on?
Yes, of course. Most of the time, when they travel, they prefer to do so in large groups accompanied by a guide, who usually takes care of everything, for instance, choosing the restaurants, the itinerary, the mode of transport, and things like that. Another thing is that most travelers to the UK tend to be middle aged, around 40 to 50 or so. This age group is less adventurous ; they like good hotels, and have money to spend. They kind of prefer to stay in the cities where they feel safer. They are not into mountain climbing in Wales or anything.
I don’t mean to interrupt, but can you tell me what plans you have for growing the youth market?
Just a moment. I'll tell you about that in a minute. Where was I? Oh yes. By way of illustration, let’s look at the top five destinations in the UK for this kind of traveler over the last five years. If you look at page ten you can see what I mean. In spite of these characteristics of the market, I still think there is room for growth in the youth sector.
So how do you intend to do that?
OK, let me tell you what we’Ve been doing. We’Ve been in touch with the Wales and Scottish Tourist development offices here in Taiwan and they’re interested in working with us to promote their regions to the youth segment. We’Ve decided to implement an advertising campaign focusing on the excitement of the activities in those regions.
May I interrupt you for a moment?
Go ahead.
How much is it going to cost, and who is going to pay?
Well, at the moment we are trying to work out those details. We haven't managed to come up with a concrete plan yet, but we are working on it.
I see. OK. So what’s next?
Well, our intention is to have some features about these regions in some youth magazines. We’re also going to run some ads on TV and put some flyers in places where young people go, like the gym and student organizations. We’re making arrangements to have some activities at big shopping malls and department stores around town.

Hello, Pineapple Computer Company. This is Janice Shaw, the secretary of Nova. May I ask who is calling?
Good morning. This is Dan. Could I speak to Nova?
I feel so sorry that Nova has gone on her business trip.
Really? When will she come back?
Maybe next weekend. She only mentioned this before she left.
Well, the reason why I am calling is to tell her that our appointment in next month will have to be postponed. And the exact time for this meeting will be discussed after she comes back.
Wait a minute. I have to leave a memo here. Anything else?
The file for the meeting needs to be retyped and please send it to us as soon as possible.
Dan, don't worry. I will tell her everything as soon as she comes back.

Madam, what can I do for you?
Next week there will be a meeting with the manager of USE Company ; this is an important opportunity for our company to have a new relationship with a new partner. So, I want you to prepare an instruction book with detailed introduction of our products. This introduction will be presented in the meeting.
I get it. And...?
Remember to add an agenda for this meeting and show our warm welcome to them.
How about adding some pictures of our products for the introduction?
Good idea! The pictures will illustrate the performance of our products vividly.
OK, I will prepare it right now.
A, do your best, it's very important.
Please trust me. I will finish it very well.

We should know by next month whom to hire. If your application is successful, we'll notify you by mail.
How long would I wait?
We'll give you our decision in 7 days.
Thank you. I hope to hear from you as soon as possible.
Please send the next candidate in on your way out.
OK, good-bye.

Janice, I can't find the document I was working on last month. Can you help me to look for it?
Susan, I'm sorry. Did you look up those files I requested?
Yes, but I still can not find it. Maybe it is in this cabinet.
I couldn't find the files you request, even though I checked all the cross-references. I don't think it's there.
I am sure that document was filed.
Well, let me check again under a different heading.
Good idea! It seems that I asked you to put it in Nova's files.
Maybe that's why I couldn't find it. All the documents on Nova are filed under'V '.

Hello, my name is Clark. May I speak to Mr. Allen, please?
This is Rick Allen speaking. Can I help you?
Mr. Allen, I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate. May I ask why I was defeated?
We have thought of you very carefully, but the other candidate has more experience.
Experience is indeed very important, but don’t you think capability is more important than it?
Of course, I think so. But how can you prove to me that you are more capable?
Maybe you could hire me on trial, if I’m not qualified for this position, you can let me go.
That’s a good idea.

Good morning, Mr. Zhang, this is Jimmy calling from Polaroid Company.
Hi, Jimmy, good morning.
I regret to tell you that the position of Sales Manager has gone to another person.
I see.
We really believe that you are a highly qualified person. But the other candidate has several years of related experiences.
Maybe that is true. But I am a fast learner and I am willing to work overtime, and I do not mind a lot of business travel.
We surely believe you.
Can't you give me another chance and reconsider your decision?
I am afraid we are sticking to our choice.
Possibly you are now. But in case you will change your mind, please let me know.
OK.

Ladies and gentlemen, dear Mr. Simpson. Following the increasing communication between Unity Company and Pineapple Computer Company, we established steady cooperation. And today we all here feel very proud and honored to have Mr. Simpson with us. Mr. Simpson is well-known for his success and his career. So first of all, let me, on the behalf of all present here, extend our warm welcome and cordial greetings to our distinguished guest. Now let's invite Mr. Simpson to give us his speech.
I want to show my gratitude for your hospitality. And I believe me trip here will be meaningful and our cooperation will go deeper and stabler in near future. Through the communication, we can know more about each other. Thank you so much for your consideration.
Well, I also hope our cooperation will be never-ending. Thank you again.

Janice, the president of our company, Mr Smith, will invite two programmers to give us a lecture this afternoon. Are all the members notified?
Yes. I have given all the designers notice of meeting by telephone.
Is the room ready for the lecture now?
Yes, I have prepared. I have also prepared a meeting memo.
Excellent. How about the microphone and speaker?
I have also got them ready for the lecture.
Write up the official notice in duplicate. Do not forget to put name cards and pens on the tables for our guests.
Sure.
How would you seat them?
I have prepared name cards to be put on the conference table for everyone to sit by. What time would you like to provide the refreshment?
Well, after the half of the meeting, there will be an interval for rest and refreshment.

Fred, we're gonna have a meeting after half an hour. Have you got it?
Is that true? I can't believe it. There are always some meetings in this company.
Hush! The wall has ears, you know.
But, my overwork has not done yet. And it is driving me crazy.
My boy. I give you my sympathy to you. However, this meeting is said to be extremely important, so we have to attend it.
What's the meeting for?
It is to give honors and promotions to some colleagues who made outstanding performance last year.
I will be there after 20 minutes.

George, I heard our eighth generation computer is appreciated by the guests. They intend to sign contract with our company. You have done a good job. We are so proud of you.
Thank you. I never imagine that would happen.
Hah, as the sales department director, you are the best.
Thank you. But I am not sure whether the manager is settling for it. She asked me to go to her office.
Why not? You've done so well for the company. She should give you a prize.
I feel nervous when I face Nova.
Come on! What are you nervous about?
You know the sales figure shows that the prediction has not achieved.
But the sales number is close to the predicted amount.
I'm still nervous. I don't know what to say to the manager. I always feel ill in that kind of place.
Take it easy. Be confident of yourself. I'm sure you can do it.

I'm afraid it's bad news for you. You haven't got the position.
Oh, no! I can't have failed. Are you sure?
I'm afraid so. I'm terribly sorry.
It sucks. But Arden told me he's satisfied with my qualifications and experience.
He's the only one of the several to decide this.
How am I going to face the fellows in our office? They thought I would be promoted. They must be waiting for my good news.
I don't think the thing can be that serious. You should face the result. Besides, I don't think the position is the best for you.
But I lost the chance.
Keep working hard, and then you will get another chance of promotion someday.

Bell Computers Limited, can I help you?
Hello, I'd like to speak to Mike please.
Hold on please.
Hello, I'm afraid Mike's unavailable right now. He's in a meeting. Can I take a message?
Yes, can you please let him know I called and ask him to call me back as soon as he can? My name's Mary, and I'm calling from Happy Travel. My number is 123 456 789.
Sorry, could you repeat that please?
Yes, 123 456 789, Mary from Happy Travel. Have you got that?
Let me read that back to you, 123 456 789, Mary from Happy Travel. I'll ask him to get back you as soon as he can.
Great. Thanks.
Anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks. Bye.
Bye.

So awful! I never fancy my salary is so little.
Oh, don't be so sad. You can ask for a salary raise.
Bingo! I never thought about that before. I am working so hard and my accomplishment is significant, you know.
So you suppose you deserve a salary raise.
I know I deserve it, but I can not find a way to talk with boss about this.
You ought to point out how valuable you are, and tell her those people who have the same situation also get the salary raise.
That sounds reasonable.
Remember it is the boss who hires you and tell her how much you have improved the office efficiency.
That's a point. It seems a little complicated. I will think about this for a while. I owe you one. After all, you give me an inspiration.
Forget it. Good luck. I hope you can make it.

Good afternoon, Miss Tao. Please sit down.
Good afternoon, Mr. Black. Thank you very much.
I’Ve read your application materials with interest. Now I want to ask you a few questions, if you don’t mind.
As you please. I’m ready.
The first is why you choose our company?
I think yours is a well-known advertising company, so I’m sure to get opportunities to display my talent in advertisement.
Why do you want to quit your present company?
Well, the company has some financial problems. People there are all thinking of quitting.
Well, when do you think you can come over to work?
One week after I have submitted my resignation paper.
When you start to work, I’ll give you $ 3,000 a month.
Thank you, sir.

Why are you leaving your present job?
I’m not so satisfied with it.
Why do you plan to change your job?
I'm now a secretary in my present work unit. My work is not interesting. I have to type, make copies, book tickets and so on. Everyday I follow the routine. Furthermore, I have studied English for four years at university, but I can’t use it there. They are the reasons I plan to change my job.
Why are you interested in working with this company?
One of my relatives told me that your company needs someone who can speak English. That's just the job that I have been looking for

Well, Mr. Cui, could you tell me why you are interested in working with this company?
I think working in this company could give me the best chance to use what I have learnt. As you know, I majored in computer programming in the university. I've cherished a desire to get a job where I can apply my knowledge. I know your company is one of the largest computer companies in the world, and I wish to have opportunity to develop my capabilities here. That’s why I applied.
I see. But have you ever done any work in this field?
Yes, since 1993, I’Ve been employed as a clerk in the Beijing Branch of the DHAK Trading Corporation.
Why do you plan to change your job?
Because I would like to get a job in which I can have good opportunity for advancement, and the job was not challenging enough.
Have you applied for work with any other companies?
Yes, I applied with another company, but that was just to get experience in being interviewed.
If you are accepted at both places, which company will you choose?
This one, of course. Your company is my first choice. I want to work for you.

Janice, do you still remember how our filing system works?
Yes, I have read the Filling Instruction carefully, since you showed me it last week.
Very good. What is the essence of filing, do you know?
The essence of filing I remember is to bring together in a single folder or file all papers relating to a particular subject. And outgoing and incoming letters are kept in this file cabinet.
Yes,'One customer--one file'is essential. And remember to update them timely.
And each file should be named clearly, either in block capitals or in jet black typed capitals.
Correct.
A card index is very important in the filing system. It is a most helpful friend to a secretary, so it must be kept handy and up to date.
Yes, prompt and careful filing contributes greatly to the efficiency of our office.

I've known from your resume that you are a college graduate.
Yes, madam. I graduated from Tianjin College of Finance and Trade three years ago.
What did you take as your major in college?
I took Accounting as my major.
What kinds of work were you in charge of in the previous company?
I was in charge of cost price and sales revenue.
All right, I see. Why do you want to work for a Sino-American joint venture enterprise now?
There are two reasons for me to do it. First, I'm sure that there will be more opportunities for advancement If I enter your enterprise. Secondly, I'd like to acquaint myself with American culture if possible.
Well, Mr. Zhang, you must know, what we need is a capable accountant, and we won't have enough time to tell him some other things.
Yes, madam. I know that I'll be expected, first of all, to work hard if I'm hired.

Madam, is everything set up for your trip?
Not yet. I seem to move my house to that place. You don't know how tight the schedule is for this trip.
You will be busier, right?
Correct! I have three-day visit to Shanghai on December 10th.
That will be gorgeous!
I would like a single room with a bath for two nights. Can you help me to reserve a hotel room for me?
Yes, Madam.

Well, if you have no further questions, then we have done.
Thank you, Mr. Owens, for taking time out of your busy schedule to interview me.
You’re welcome. I appreciate your coming.
When can I contact you about your final decision?
We need to consider several other applicants and we hope to make a decision by the end of this month. We will call you regardless of whether you are hired or not.
Thanks a lot! I will look forward to the good news. Please call me at this number between nine and eleven in the morning.
Well, I really appreciate your coming today.
The pleasure is mine. It’s nice talking with you. Good-bye, Mr. Owens.
Good-bye.

Welcome to China, Mr. Smith.
Thank you. So pleasant to meet you here!
I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats.
Yes, I've brought a list of your recent products with me. We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year. We're ready to place an order with you.
Great! B, most of the items listed are available this year. I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts, so as to enable our timely delivery.
That sounds good. But I have a proposal now.
What's the proposal?
Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously. Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us?
Good idea! In this way, our clients'needs will be met and disagreements between the two parties avoided.
Sounds like we have the same idea.

Good morning, sir. Are you Mr. Wang, the personnel manager?
Good morning. Yes, I am. But I’m sorry I don’t think I know you.
No, you don’t. My name is Liu Lili. I got the information from the TV that your department wants to hire a clerk, who will work under you. I would like to apply for the job.
Oh, yes. We do have such a commercial. Sit down, please, Miss Liu. I’m glad to see you. Could you tell me about yourself first?
OK. I’m 24 this year. I earned my college diploma from the Night College of Foreign Languages Institute in 2010. My major is English. Recently I’Ve also earned my degree in Secretarial Technology.
Could you tell me about your work experience?
Of course. I’Ve been working as an office clerk in the Textile Company since my graduation. I do a lot of things, such as typing, handling the daily correspondence, arranging meetings and so on.
Do you enjoy your work?
To be frank, not very much, because I can’t use much what I’Ve learned in my work. I enjoy doing more challenging work.
Well, according to your experience, perhaps you could tell me what essential qualities a personnel department office clerk should maintain.
Of course. First of all, she must have a strong sense of responsibility.
Good. Go on, please.
She must be an honest person.
Anything else?
She must also be diligent and do a lot of things on her own initiative.
Good. The work includes keeping the files. Have you got any practical experience with that?
Well, no. But I took related courses. I can gain experience quickly. I’m sure I can do the job well.

Is this the first time you've come to our city, Mr. Ross?
Correct. I have expected to visit here for a long time. So fortunate for me, I can realize this expectation and meet you, Arden, and your kind-hearted staff in your company.
I am so honored to hear that. Well, after staying here for several days, you must have some ideas about our company. We have been in the clothes field for many years, and yours brand is also well-known in the country. How about our cooperation?
That is one of reasons why I am here now. I am really willing to have some cooperation with your company.
We intend to establish business relationship with your company on the basis of equality and mutual benefit.

Thank you for your interest in this job. You'll be hearing from us. Send the next applicant in on your way out, please.
Thank you very much for offering me this opportunity.
It has been pleasant talking with you.
I have enjoyed talking with you too. Thank you.
May I call you at your home about our final decision?
Yes, please. My telephone number is 367 - 1314. You can call me between four and six in the afternoon.
We'll get in touch with you by next Wednesday. Thank you for your interest in this job.
Thank you for your interview.

: How are you, Mr. Ding? I’m John Brown.
Pleased to meet you, Mr. Brown.
Please have a seat. I know our employment officer has already given you the information about your employee contract, but I’d like to go over the main details again before signing the contract. First, you’ll be getting a monthly salary, with one month paid vacation after one year of service. No probation is involved.
That’s what I understand.
You’ll be covered by our medical plan while on duty. Since you’ll be middle-anagement, you, re expected to be available up to one hour past normal working hours. Any approved overtime that will be paid at time, which you can take as salary or time off.
Exactly my understanding.
A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company. Any extended illness will be covered by insurance. Have you read the other terms of the contract?
Yes, I have.
Do you have any questions?
Just one. I noticed an item about flextime. Is that a possibility for me?
Yes it is, but you’ll have to discuss the details with your manager.
Good. Now, if you’ll just sign here, you can start work in 3 days.

How can I help you, sir?
I am here to have a discussion on your company's investment issue.
Sorry, could you tell me your name?
I am James Pond from FAM Company and I am here to discuss it with Nova.
Do you have an appointment?
Yes, I did it yesterday. Our meeting should be 2 pm.
I guess she forgot your meeting. She is attending an important meeting in the company. Will you have a seat? May I leave a memo for her?
Thank you.
She will be back soon.

Here I raise a question for you. Just imagine we will have a foreign guest from Japan. Can you tell me how I ought to be to the most comfortable and polite?
Firstly, we can provide our meeting agenda before he comes. And then on the day when he is coming, we wait for him at the gate of our company's gate.
Well, that's right. How about on a formal occasion? What should I say to show my gratitude?
It's an honor and a privilege to receive a visit from such a distinguished group.
And then, what should we do next when you meet the guests?
Maybe we should send them to the reserved hotel for a short break, meanwhile we can also raise a question on what they want to have and know.
That sounds good, Fred!

Mr. Chandler will be our new partner, so his visit this time will be extremely important for our cooperation in future, because it may decide whether Mr. Chandler sign the trade contract with us or not. Do you have some idea?
I suppose we can bring him to visit our company, as well as our display room. In this way, he can know more about our company and our potential power. In my opinion, visiting the factory will help him learn our manufacturing process very much.
En, you are right, and he will trust us and maybe the contract will be signed soon. But remember to keep some skills of our manufacturing secret. On one hand, show his our best side ; on the other hand, do not show too much to protect our own business secrets.
Well, I understand.
Please make a detailed schedule on the visit this afternoon.

Dear fellows. As you know, Mr. Ross will be leaving us very soon after his short but meaningful visit to our company.
I really want to stay a little longer, but I still have a meeting to attend. All in all, I am so impressed by your hospitality and your warm welcome. Thank you for the trouble you have taken.
Just as what I said in my welcome speech, Mr. Ross's visit to our company is meaningful for both our two companies. Thank you very much for your visiting. We will miss you all the time.
During my trip here, I learned a lot and I get to know our choice of choosing your company as our partner is definitely right. I can feel and sense the potential of your company. And at last I wish our further cooperation will be sound and successful.
That's our pleasure. Mr. Ross, your visit leaves gorgeous memory here. And I hope Mr.Halmiton, the president of your company can also have the chance to visit our company soon. Remember me to him, please.
Of course, I will.

What a pity you are leaving so soon. I wish you could stay a few more days. Sir, can you deliver a speech for us?
Dear friends. Here, I wish to say a word of thanks for holding this send-off party for me. Actually I didn't expect at all for this. I owe a lot to all of you here. It's been 5 days since I came to visit here. Time really flies. I feel grateful for your welcome and help in the five days. I will miss you while I am leaving. Let's keep in touch in any way. What's more, to the success of our face-to-face meeting, to the upcoming cooperation of our two companies, bottom up!
Cheers! And we are honored to have such an honored guest today. Mr. James, I hope we will meet somewhere in the near future.
Madam, we also welcome you to visit our company. I hope you can also bring your family there to have a look of our company. In this way, we will know each other better.
Definitely! Thank you!

Is your application successful?
Yes, they notify me to work next week.
Where on earth will you work in?
It is a pretty big mechanical company. I am assigned to work in the assembly shop.
How long will you work a day?
My working hours aren’t fixed, sometimes I do the day shift, sometimes the night shift. In all, about 8 hours.
That’s rather hard.
But it matches my major.
How will you get your pay?
My wage depends on production results.
What sort of welfare facilities does your company provide?
The company provides labor insurance for all employees, as well as fine retirement policy.
Is there a union?
There is the company union, but it really shares the same aims as the management.
So you must consider dearly before you go to work.
I will.

I will be accompanying you on your tour today to visit our company. This is the assembly line. These drawings on the wall are process sheets. They describe clearly how each process goes on to the next step.
How many workers are there on the lines?
About 200. They can assemble at least 3,000 computers every day.
Oh, it's highly efficient.
Yes, since I came to this company, I was told that high efficiency is essential for the further development.
How do you control the quality of the products?
Well, all products have to go through five checks in the whole process. We believe that the quality is the soul of an enterprise. There fore, we always put quality as the first consideration.
Yes, quality is even more than the quantity.
Mr. Chandler, this way please. I will show you a five-minute multivision about the history of our company.

Hello, the International Hotel. May I help you?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation for eight tonight.
What time would you like your table?
At 7:30 pm. And I would like to sit in the non-smoking area.
Would you like to sit in the hall or in the private room?
The private room, please.
Wait for a moment, please. Let me check whether the private room is available or not. No problem.
It will be for business dinner. Reserve it under the name of Nova, the manager of Fashion Clothes Company.
OK. A reservation for eight at7 : 30, Room 208. Please don't be more than half hour late, or we will have to give it to other guests.

Good morning, Miss Cai. Congratulations! You’Ve passed the interview.
Good morning, Mr. Yang. Thank you very much. Can I work now?
Oh. Take it easy. As I’Ve said in the interview, once you are employed, we’ll give you a probation period of three months. And now we need to sign a draft agreement for the probation period.
I am sorry, I am just too excited and forget it. Can I look it through?
Of course, here you are. And you can ask me any question.
Well, I am sorry that I have a question. There is no remuneration item in this agreement. Can you tell me something about it?
Well, according to the principle of our company, employees like you have no remuneration during the probation period.
But you didn’t tell me in the interview.
I am sorry, it’s not decided by me but by the company.
Okay, I can’t decide whether sign or not now. Can you give me some time to think it over?
Okay. Can you give me a reply tomorrow?
Yes. Thank you very much. Mr. Yang.

Well, Betty. Since you’Ve done well during the probation period, we decided to employ you formally. And now we need to sign the formal agreement.
Thank you very much, Mr. Smith. I am very happy that I’ll be a member of your team. May I see the agreement first?
Of course. If you have any questions, just bring them out.
OK, thank you. Well, I find that the salary level in this agreement is not like what you have said in the interview. Can you give me some explanations?
Well, it’s like this, during your first year, you will enjoy this salary level, a year later, we’ll increase your salary by 20 %.
Can we add up this item to the agreement?
Yes, maybe the personnel department made some mistakes in making the agreement. Do you have any other questions?
No, thank you. Shall we sign the agreement now?
Yes, welcome to our company. I hope we can cooperate happily.
Thank you. I'll work hard.

Fred, have you made the plan for April 28th?
Yes, sir. Shall I explain the details of the plan now?
You go!
According to your schedule, you will visit the Times Company, including its office building, workshops and stores, in the morning from 8: 30 to 11
Is there anything after the meeting? In that case, would you add one plan? I want to visit our guest Mr. Ross after the meeting. Can you arrange it for me?

What is your salary now?
My present pay is RIB 3, 000 yuan each month.
What's your expected salary?
What is important to me is the job and the people who I will be working with, so regarding salary, I leave it to you and I am sure that you will make me a fair offer.
I can offer you 5, 000 yuan per month. Raises are given after three months'probation period according to your performance. Is this satisfactory?
Yes, it is quite satisfactory. I accept it.
Any question about the work?
To whom should I report?
The general manager of your section.
What are the benefits?
We'll offer that on holidays.
I would like to know if there would be any opportunity to work abroad in the future?
Yes, we have inspection abroad.
Thank you. Then I think it's time for us to sign a letter of intent.
Okay.

The Smiths are arriving at our city tomorrow. Can you draw up a schedule for them? If they want to make any changes, minor changes can then be made.
Is there anything special they would like to do?
They would like to visit our factory and have a look at the new type computer products. Besides, they will introduce their technique in computer manufacturing.
That can easily be arranged. I will arrange a comfortable meeting room for them. Anything else?
They would also like to have a meeting with our designers. And this time, their visit to our company will lay the basement for our cooperation, so you need to pay more attention.
I will set it up.
They will stay for two days. Try to work out an efficient schedule.

Madam, I made a close study of the draft contract yesterday evening. I think there are something needs to modify.
Which terms?
First, about the terms of payment. Your draft contract says that payment is to be made by D \ A. This is not our practice. We prefer to have the payment made by L \ C through a negotiating bank in America.
Good. I will add this to the contract.
The second thing I would like to point out, that is packaging. It's stipulated in the contract that all the computer parts should be packed in cardboard boxes. But I think the wooden cases are much safer.
Well, you are right. Is there anything else?
As far as the contract stipulations are concerned, there is nothing more. Thank you very much.
Well, we have agreed on all the major points.

Here is the final draft of our contract. I'm glad that we have reached an agreement on almost every term in our trade.
Yes, it seems to me we have come quite a long way. However, let me take a close look at the final draft.
Do you have some points to bring up?
Well, everything we've discussed seems to be here.
Yes, including a description of the shirts you want to purchase this time, the total amount of your order, the price for each piece, mode of payment, packaging, shipping time, insurance and compensation, claim and arbitration, and rights and duties for both sides. Are all the terms here satisfactory?
I'll need a few minutes to check over my notes again on every detail. What about the quality standard?
It is said that the sample 25 is the standard for others. It's complete. So would you like to sign the contract right now?

We've settled price, order, payment, now I am calling to ask about package. How can we pack the goods?
As a rule, we use cardboard boxes for outer packing. Besides, I would like to make it clear that each piece of computer will be dismantled into several parts before shipment.
Do you mean that we are responsible for putting them together?
Yes. As you know, that's the common practice for exporting computer. This can avoid some damages on computers in the process of transportation.
I see. Why not use wooden cases?
If you prefer wooden cases, we will provide them. But cardboard boxes are light, less expensive, and more convenient to handle in the course of packing and unpacking.
Oh, I know. Does it mean that shipment will have to be delayed if I insist on using wooden cases?
Perhaps. That will be more complicated, if we use wooden boxes.
Then you may use cardboard boxes for outer packing so long as you can guarantee the safety of the computers.
That is guaranteed. Each box is lined with foam plastic in order to prevent damage by air, water or stress. Besides, cardboard boxes will be secured together on wood pallets by overall metal strapping.
Sounds good.

Good morning. What can I do for you?
Good morning. Would you like to tell me something about the computer? I've never seen this brand before. What is your superior brand?
This is our new brand. I can make sure our computer board is one of the best boards.
Can you tell me the specialty of your computer board?
With pleasure. It's easy to have a memory expansion on board capacity and fulfill your needs for a computer. Besides, there is more space for extra cards to expand later on.
What's the memory capacity of the computer?
The hard drive has 260 G and the RAM is 4 G.
Can you give me a wholesale list?
Yes. The price differs depending on how many you want.
Is the price negotiable?
Yes. It depends. If you have a large order, we will give you a discount.

Do you work well under pressure?
Working under pressure is exciting and challenging. I don’t mind working under pressure. I work well under that circumstance. People can, I can.
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular.
How soon can you begin working for us?
I need about two to three weeks for necessary formalities. I will quit then transfer to your company.

May I see the manager of your office?
I'm afraid he's having an important meeting now. Can I help you?
Thank you. I am Fred, coming from Future Clothes Company. I've brought some catalogues of our new series of the summer clothes. I wonder if your manager would like to have a look at them.
Of course, he would. Would you leave them with me?
We are suppliers of the summer clothes of various styles and colors. I think you will be interested in some of our new products. We always keep the pace of the clothes fashion, so as to catch the interest of our customers.
We're thinking of ordering some special styles of summer clothes. We should be interested in your products if they are of the styles we want.
As you know, we also take orders for clothes made according to specifications.
How long would it take you to deliver the orders?
Two months at most.
Good. I'll send your catalogues to those who are interested. Meanwhile, may I have an indication of price? Can I have your price-sheet?
Yes, of course, here you are. The prices are subject to our confirmation.

Hi, Bob, this is John Lin.
Hello, John.
I'm with Hartford public relations. I'd like to set up an appointment to come by and talk with you about our services.
How about tomorrow at 11 o'clock?

I'm afraid I've a complaint to make, which is about the goods we ordered last week.
What is it?
I will explain the problem briefly. We found in the examination that 35 % of the goods have damaged.
Really? That's something unexpected. You see, all our exports are strictly inspected before shipment. The goods were in perfect condition when they left the port.
Here's the survey report issued by the China Commodity Inspection Bureau. According to the report, the damage was caused by poor packing. Our surveyors also discovered some cracks on the surface of a number of other cases.
Our goods are well-examined before shipment. I'm afraid the losses must have occurred on route.
Please look into the matter and solve the problem immediately.
We will check with the parties concerned right away.

Any questions?
When will I know your decision?
Can we get in touch with you by e-mail? Is this convenient for you?
It’s quite convenient.
Thank you for your interest in our company.
OK. Thank you very much.

Your resume says you have had one years experience working in a foreign representative office in Shanghai, may I ask why you quit?
I worked in a foreign representative office for one year. However, I leave there two years ago because the work they gave me was rather dull. I found another job that was more interesting.
Have you done any work in this field? What have you learned from the jobs you have had?
I have learned a lot about business know-how and basic office skills. In addition, I learned at my previous jobs how to cooperate with my colleagues.

What course did you like best?
Project Management. I was very interested in this course when I was a student. And I think it's very useful for my present work.
Do you feel that you have received a good general training?
Yes, I have studied in an English training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university. I am currently studying Finance at a training school.

What’s your major weak point?
I haven’t been involved in international business, so I don’t have any experience.
What are you greatest strength?
Honest, hardworking and responsible.
Does your present employer know you are looking for another job?
No, I haven’t discussed my career plan with my present employer, but I am sure he will understand.

Do you get the news that our company is trying to find out new tactics to test us?
I know something about it. Our company often organizes all kinds of lectures to improve our professional skills.
It takes most of our weekends to listen to these boring lectures, so I can not bear it anymore. It is said that they think out some tests to check our management skills.
Is that true?
Definitely!
If that information is exact, I guess our company is willing to promote someone.

How do you spend your spare time? Are you interested in sports?
I have many hobbies, I like almost all kinds of sports and I also like to listen to pop songs.
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted?
I think I am extroverted.

Sorry, I overslept. My clock didn't go off this morning.
Again?
That's right, even though I did set the alarm last night.
Your clock never works. Perhaps you should buy a new one.
Well, if it breaks down again tomorrow, I'll definitely buy a new one.

David, we have been doing business for three years, haven't we?
Yes, I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years. And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years.
So, I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market. If you give us the agency, that will be more substantial for our cooperation.
To be frank, you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country. I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent.
As we are a well-established company, we are very familiar with the customers'needs. Besides, we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent.
Sounds reasonable. I will tell my boss about you agent application. Another question, what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee?
To be on the safe side, and for garment of all materials, sizes, and styles, I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year.
Well. As our sole agency, you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own.
No, certainly not.

You know we went great lengths to promote the sales of your products. Through our continuous effort, consumers tend to accept your product. So, there will be a potential market for your product in this area, and would you let us act as your agent?
We appreciate your efforts in promoting the sale of our clothes in the market of this city. But according to our record, your annual turnover is not too big, so I think it is premature for us to discuss the question of agency.
If that's the case, we can talk about it first. What's your concept of a big amount?
I mean to double the amount for your sales this year at least.
I'm afraid that's too much for us.
We know you have done a good job in building up these exports for us. However, our company has the regulation for the agency.
All right, we accept the challenge. What about the commission? You know, we usually get a 20 % commission of the amount on every deal.
I am sorry to say that it's a little higher. Our agents in other areas usually get a 3 % to 6 % commission.
You may have known that we have competitors from South Korea and other countries. At the beginning of our campaign, there is sales resistance to overcome, we must send out salesmen to have the market investigation and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in newspaper and TV programs. A 20 % commission will not leave us much.
Our price is worked out according to the costing. A 20 % commission means an increase in our price. So, I'm afraid we have to decline your proposal of acting as our sole agent.
Oh, that's pitiful.

Have you finished that report yet?
No. I'm still working on it.
How much time do you need?
Give me one more day.

Last week, we had a performance review on all the staff in our department in last quarter. Stevens, can you provide more information about the performance review?
Yes, sir. Most of us had positive review in last quarter. Take Fred and David for examples. Both of them try their best to achieve the best. Their progress is distinct, especially in last quarter.
They are popular in and out of our department. Fred is easygoing, while David is cautious in working.
All these say a lot for their characters.
So, I want to recommend them for a raise. Fred is promoted to be the assistant of manager in marketing department and David to be director of office.

John, you have done a good job. Our new series computer is appreciated by the guests. They intend to sign contracts with our company. You really did a good job.
Thank you. I can't imagine the design of the new computer is so popular among computer users.
Hah, as the sale department director of our team, you are the best.
I am flattered. But I am not sure whether the manager is satisfied with it. She asked me to her office.
Why not? You've done so well for the company. She should give you a prize.
I feel nervous when I face her. She looks so serious when we have a conversation all the time.
Come on! What are you nervous about?
It is said that the sales for the new computer did not meet the expectation.
But the sale number is close to the predicted amount.
I'm still nervous. I don't know what to say to the manager. I always feel ill at ease in that kind of place.
Take it easy. Be confident. I'm sure you can do it.

I'm afraid it's a bad news for you. There are some problems in your supervised goods.
Oh, no! How did this happen. Are you sure?
I overheard this information when I passed Arden's office. We got some complaints from consumers yesterday. I am terribly sorry for that.
My God! I actually checked them one by one. How could this be?
Calm down! It is useless to act like that. Can we find some solutions?
What kind of solution can I have now? I nearly go crazy now.
But we still have to find one. Can we find Arden to check whether this is true or not?
It seems that I have nothing to do, except this.
Face the reality. Maybe we can find the way to make up the loss.

Excuse me, I want to know the price of your CPU.
Glad to tell you. The price of CPU is 300 dollars.
It's rather too high. If you can make it cheaper, we will be able to place large orders continuously.
If you order a large amount, we can give you a discount.
Well, can you explain it to me?
The price of CPU is 260 dollars above 1,000 Units.
Can you reduce more?
I'm sorry, but to be frank, considering exploiting the market in your country, we have already supplied you at very low preferential price.
In that case, we have to stop ordering if a reduction can't be made. Please reconsider.
It is so hard to deal with.
If you can give us a more reduction, We'd be able to give you an order on the spot.
This price is the best we can make.

Nice to meet you, sir. I come from New Times Clothes Company. We learnt that your exhibits on the Trade Fair in Shanghai this month were marvelous. Would you please quote the price?
Before we discuss the price, may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in?
Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets.
Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity.
That is to say, 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets.
In that case, our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200, and the other is US $ 300 per set.
Do you quote CIF or FOB?
We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you. You will find our price is most competitive.
What are your terms of payment?
Letter of credit at sight.
Another question. Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment?
Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us.
Well, I got all the point. All the decision will be made since I get the approval from my supervisor.
OK! I expect you to accept our general terms and conditions of trade. We believe that through our cooperation, large transactions will be brought to speedy conclusion.

I've come to hear about your offer.
We have the offer ready for you. Let me check. 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box, at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box, at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box, at 7, 500 yuan, for shipment in June. The offer is valid for five days.
I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected.
You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years. The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where.
I am afraid I can't agree with you there. I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies.
But you must take the design and quality into consideration. You know we are superior to others in design and quality. We have various styles, which the other companies cannot catch up with.
I agree that yours are of the top.
Well, since your order is large enough, can you give me a rough idea?
To have this business concluded, I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help.
Impossible. How about 5 % off?
Right. A reduction of 5 % is acceptable.

Well, let's have your firm order.
Yes, here is our offer, 30,000 skirts at 200 yuan per skirt, FOB New York. You will find our price comes in line with the prevailing market.
Your price is rather high. We cannot accept it. Can you bring the price down a little?
In fact, if it weren't for our good relations, we wouldn't consider making you a firm order at this price.
I can't agree with you. We have quotation from other sources too. Their prices are lower than yours.
But you know our design is superior to any other products from other companies. In fact, there is no room to negotiate the price now. You should be aware that the production cost alone has doubled in the past year.
It doesn't seem very hopeful to close the deal on this price.

We have settled the question of price, quality and quantity. Now I am calling to talk about the terms of payment. What are your terms of payment?
Well. We only accept the payment to be made by confirmed and irrevocable L \ C, payable against shipping documents.
I see. Payment by LC is the safest method, but could you make an exception and accept DA or DP?
I'm afraid not. That is our usual practice, because we are sure we will get the right amount of money that way.
What about the cost of delivery?
We would like to do it in accordance with an F. O. B.

How about the repair fee?
It's for free, because your computers are still in the period of guarantee--two years.
Great! When can your technicians come to our factory?
They are working in another factory to provide maintenance right now. Let me call them and see whether they have solved the problem. Please wait a moment.
I've just contacted our technicians. They say they can go to your factory tomorrow afternoon. Can you tell me your factory's address, so they can find you easier?
That's wonderful. I appreciate your efficiency and cooperation.
To provide the As excellent after-sales service is our motto. Please wait for our maintenance staff in your factory tomorrow afternoon. They will be there on time.
Thank you again!

Mrs. Lin. Please hold all of my calls for the next hour.
OK, but do you want to talk to your wife if she calls?
Yes, I'll talk to her.
All right.

Why are you quitting?
I've had enough.

Tom. Please do not disturb me for the next hour.
Are you having a meeting?
Yes, and I don't want to be interrupted.
I understand.

Look at this fair. This is my first chance to be involved in the fair. It is so gorgeous and amazing!
I felt dizzy when I stare at those shining lights. What should we do firstly?
Now we should design our booth. Do you know the number for our booth, B?
Let me see the notice. It is here. Our booth number is E108. Good number.
Lucky number. Find its location now.
We can also consult some from these volunteers.
Here it is. Well, remember to have our cards on to tell every visitor where we come from.
Should we put our samples on this table?
Yes, they should be put in the most attractive place, and this can appeal to passers-by's attention.

Good morning, sir! Please know some about our latest products.
These are your products?
They are our products. Please come in and have a look. This is the catalogue for our products.
May I have your name card? I am always concerned about the newest computer.
Of course, here you are.
Thank you.
Would you sit down and write down your name and address here?
OK! Would you like to recommend some for our reference?
This is the latest design for our products. The design of I-series keeps the fashion in a close way. The sales volume of the new product is about 50,000 per month. And we received many orders from many clothes companies. New functions and attractive outlook are the key points for our products.

Bob from accounting is on the line. Do you want to speak with him?
Yes, I need to talk to him.
I'll put the call through then.
Thank you.

Marry Wang's Office, this is Marry.
Hi Marry, this is Tom.
How can I help you?
I need to see if we can get together today.

Do you want to talk with John with tongue?
No, tell him I'm tied up.
When should I tell him to call back?
Tell him to call me tomorrow morning.
All right.
Thank you.

Marry Lin's Office, this is Linda.
Linda, this is David Wang.
Hi, Mr. Wang, what can I help you with?
I need to talk with Marry.
Certainly, hold on.
Thanks.

Dodge Automobiles, may I help you?
Is this Susan?
No, I'm the operator.
Oh well, do you know if the Susan Li is available?
One moment and I'll check.

John Li's Office, this is Jenny, may I help you?
Is Mr Li in?
Yes, but let me check if he's available.
Ok.

Beauties Picture, how may I help you?
I need to speak with David Lin.
He's out of his office.
Thank you, I'll try again later.

Dan More's Office, how may I help you?
Is Dan in?
May I tell him who's calling?
Yes, this is Tom White.
Just a minute please, Mr. White.
Thank you.

Lin's office supplies. How may I direct your call?
Marry Lin please.
Sure, just a moment.... I'm sorry no one answer the phone.
All right, could I leave a message?
Certainly!
Please ask her to call John.

Good morning everyone. Thank you for attending the meeting today. I'm sure you all have a copy of the agenda. So let's get started with the first issue.
We're here today to present to you the results of our marketing research regarding the consumer behavior.
I would like to begin by introducing our foreign guests to our stuff on your left ( right ), we have Mr. Brown, who is Vice President of Sales. Next to him is Ms. Arts, Director of Marketing for the Atlas Company. In the back row is Dr. Barolo, who is visiting from Italy. Thank you all for coming.
I am glad to see everyone is here and on time. Let's get started! Susan, toss out some of your ideas.

Tom, hi, this is Mary with Gold Star Mortgage.
Yes, Mary?
We'd like you to come to work for us.
Oh. I'm sorry but I just accepted another offer which I feel is better suited to my needs.
I see.
I really appreciate the offer, but I must decline it.
Please call us if you change your mind.
I will, good luck.

OK, folks, let's get to work. We need to come up with some ideas for the new essentials perfume campaign. This is a really big contract and we are under a lot of pressure here to impress the client.
Well, Let's get down to business ( shall we? ) Now is probably a good time to start our discussion, the main purpose of this meeting is to talk about the benefits and disadvantages of our new project.
The reason I have called this meeting is to review a proposal we have received from our international division in Hong Kong. The agenda for this meeting is as follows, first, a presentation of the new proposal by Mr. Black. Second, an analysis by Ms. Nielson. Finally, a discussion about whether or not to implement this proposal.

Hi, is this Sue?
Yes?
Sue, this is Tom Lin from Allied Trust and I'm calling to offer you a position with our firm.
What position?
Senior account rep.
How much does it pay?
It starts at $ 30,000. S
I'm sorry but my bottom figure is $ 36,000.

You are seemingly upset. What's behind you?
Arden wants to have a trademark for our new series of products registered. But I have no idea on the registering process.
That's not as complicated as you suppose.
Is it so easy? I never experienced this. Can you tell me something about it?
It is known that there is a time limit for trademarks. And we should not have a similar trademark with the one in the same field.
Based on what you said, does it mean that we can not have a trademark like'genova', right?
Correct. And our country follows the priority of use principle.
Can you tell something about the preparation for the register?
Some relative documents will be needed and the fee may be quite dear. So you need to learn more about the process and regulations about this issue.

What are you doing, Janice?
I am reading the book on patent and I think it will be helpful for my work
Patent? Are you also learning something about patent?
Yep! I heard that your company is registering a new trademark.
You are well-informed. Can you tell me something about the Patent Law in our country from the book you are reading?
I just read this in the whole afternoon. Let me show you.
So coincidental. Actually we can exchange some information on this problem.
The purpose of the law is to protect and encourage inventions and to promote the development of science and technology. The law came into effect in 1984, and it consists of 8 chapters with 69 articles.
Is there any provision on applying for the patent for foreign company?
Foreign companies should appoint a patent agency, which is designated by our government to act as his patent agent. This task is usually taken by the Patent Agent Department.
How long is the duration of patent right for an invention according to your Patent Law?
15 years.

Since China was open to the outside world, its trade forms have become much more flexible. One of these commonly used forms is co-production. Would you please do a bit explanation of it, Mr. Walker?
Well, under this arrangement two parties cooperate to manufacture a product or a category of products, for example, machine tools for export. Each party produces and supplies a part of the components and parts ; one party is a Chinese enterprise, the other, an overseas firm. Most probably, the foreign counterpart contributes technology and equipment, and sometimes, parts and components, while the Chinese enterprises factory building, labor and other resources to the cooperative production. They join hands and fulfill orders together by an agreement or a contract.
I suppose that the assembling of these components and parts, particularly the marketing of the finished products should take place in China.
Not necessarily. It depends on the contract stipulations. They may be marketed in the foreign country where the other party is located, or even in a third country.
I think the principle of co-production is to expand export trade. It's a reciprocal business, isn't it?
Yes, you are right. Either party is not well-equipped to produce the final products single-handedly, but they can enter into an agreement. In such case, each side contributes different resources to make the manufacture of a certain product or a category of products possible.

May I speak to Marry?
She's in a meeting until noon.
Ok, I'll try her back then.
Ok, thank you.

OK! Let's get down to business now.
Say it.
As you know, we should work out cautious and detailed plan for our promotion, so as to guide our company to be successful in the new product, L-series.
That's right. And in my opinion, to push the sale of the new products is not an easy task.
I know that. I need to discuss this with Arden. And in his opinion, we should widen the scope of our ads, so newspaper and Internet should be adopted in this campaign.
Could you put it in detail?
Well. We plan to contact www. on-line advertising. com.cn and Shanghai Morning Newspaper to discuss the advertisement schedule.
I think the idea is very good. In the promotion campaign, two or more media are used together, so as to draw customers'attention and keep hold their attention to larger extent.
What kind of media do you recommend?
I think TV is also an effective media, as long as our company is willing to spend more money on it.
Well. Arden just mentioned the paper and the on-sales. And I can talk about TV with him later, because TV promotion gets more and more popular among consumers.
I also think good advertising is essential to call attention to a product and introduce our L-series products. Meanwhile, ads are also the representation of the company's image.

You’Ve been a sales manager for three years. How do you like the job?
I like it very much.
If I may ask, are you happy with your salary?
No, I don’t mind at all. I receive 3,000 RIB a month, after tax.
Is there a bonus system or any other incentive plan in place?
I’m afraid there isn’t. My boss only pays lip service.
What is your salary expectation for this position?
My expectation is in the 3800 to 4500 RIB range. That’s the take-home pay.

Let's get down to business.
OK. Have you seen the samples?
Yes. I have. I'm interested in your underwear. If the price is acceptable we would like to order it soon.
I'm glad to hear that. We are trying to give you a favourable one.
What's your price?
150 yuan for each piece.
That's a bit more than I was prepared to pay.
How about 130 yuan?
I offer you 110 yuan.
That's too little. Well, I'll come down to 120 yuan.
All right. I go up to 115 yuan, but not a penny more. Is that acceptable?
If you order more than 10,000 pieces, we can accept 115 yuan for each one.
Well, I'll accept the price and place an order for 10,000 pieces.
Very good. It's a pleasure to do business with you, Mrs. Phoebe.

What kind of personality do you think you have?
I always approach things very enthusiastically. When I begin something, I don’t like to leave it half-done. I can’t concentrate on something new until the first thing is finished.
What makes you angry?
Dishonesty. It’s unacceptable.

How was your interview?
Pretty good. The HR manager asked me the usual questions. Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job.
What did you say?
I told him that I hadn’t got a raise for three years. I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years.
Did he want to know the reasons?
Yes. I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession. But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only.
That’s sex discrimination. When will you get the reply?
In a couple of days, I was told.
Wish you good luck!
Thank you.

Mrs. Phoebe, let's talk about the delivery arrangement for our goods.
Sure. What's your date of delivery?
I informed my company and was told that the first five thousand by the end of this month.
What about the balance of the order? Can they also arrive at our company quickly?
We can deliver the balance at the price already quoted in 10 days.
Can you deliver them earlier?
I am afraid we can not do that. Would you be willing to sign an annual contract on the basis we discussed?
Possibly, subject to quality and delivery guarantees.
Of course. Well, in that case we could offer a 5 % discount for a confirmed monthly order for the next 12 months.
I was looking forward to something a bit more substantial. As you know, we have long-time cooperation.
I'm afraid that's as far as we could go. We'd already be stretching ourselves to the limit.
Well, let's shake on that and draw up the details of the contract.

What are your personal weaknesses?
I’m afraid I’m a poor talker. I’m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time. That is not very good for business, so I have been studying public speaking.
Are you more of a leader or a follower?
I don’t try to lead people. I’d rather cooperate with everybody, and get the job done by working together.
Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English?
Yes, in most circumstances.
Are you available for travel?
Yes, I like travelling. I am young, and unmarried. It’s no problem for me to travel frequently.

Hi, Tom! This is Marry with Hans furniture store.
Yes, Marry?
I just wanted to let you to know that we had decided to offer the sales position to someone else.
I see.
We considered you very carefully but the other candidate has more experience.
Maybe so. But I'm fast learner and I'm willing to work overtime to learn the business.
I'm sure you are.
I must to ask you to reconsider your decision and give me a chance.

Why have you stopped production?
We've had a few problems. One of the bolts has worked loose and a blade has snapped off.
OK. Make sure the power is switched off then tighten up all the bolts on the unit and replace the broken blade. Why is there oil all over the floor?
I think the valve is faulty. I couldn't regulate the pressure and the seal burst. I tried opening the emergency valve but it was jammed.
Clean up the mess first, then fit a new seal and check the valve.

I'd like to speak to Robert.
Speaking.
Hello, Robert. This is Frank. I'm coming to Guangzhou on the the 7th and I'd like to call in to discuss the project plan.
All right. What time are you coming?
Well, my flight leaves at 8 a. m., and I'll arrive at 10 a. m. Shall we say 11 o'clock?
Can we make it 11:30? A customer will come to the office at 11.
Oh, yes. That's fine with me. Maybe we can have lunch together.
Great. I'll see you on the 7th.

All right. I want to bring everybody back on this subject. When can we start working on this?
Well, we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00.
I tell you what, 2:00 is not available for me, but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00
That's fine with me. How much time are we going to have to work on this?
Perhaps one year, I'm not sure.

I think I've got a virus on my computer. Do you know how to get rid of it? I haven't had one before.
I'm afraid not. Why don't you call the Help Desk? Someone there will be able to help you.
Have you got the number? I'll call them right now.

Good morning, Textile Import & Export Company.
Hello, this is Miller. I'm calling about the appointment with Mr. Zhang for this afternoon. Something's just come up, I'm afraid the appointment will have to be rescheduled, I'm very sorry about the change.
That's all right. Maybe we can make another arrangement.
You're very kind to say so. Thank you. Do you think tomorrow morning would suit him?
I'm afraid there's a bit of a problem. In fact, he's booked up the whole week except tomorrow afternoon.
Tomorrow afternoon, Um... you see, I've made an appointment with Mr. Comet for tomorrow afternoon. In order to meet Mr. Zhang, I have to cancel the appointment with Mr. Comet, I'm afraid.
I'm terribly sorry, Mr Miller, but Mr. Zhang is really busy this week.
I understand. When do you think I can come and see him tomorrow afternoon?
Please let me check. Tomorrow afternoon - Yes, he'll be free from 2:00 tomorrow afternoon. Do you think it's convenient for you?
Yes, that's quite all right for me.

Hello. Mr. Zhang. It's Mary.
Yes, Mary?
I'm afraid we're really staffed this week, Mr. Li. I'd like to meet you, but I'm sorry I really can't.
Are you telling me you're not going to meet with me?
Not at all, sir. I'd just like to delay our meeting to next week, I'll have time at the beginning of next week.
Well, I don't like it, but I guess I don't have any choice.
How about Monday morning at 9 a. m.?
OK, I'll go to your office at that time.

I see there are some workmen on the site. When is the building work due to start?
Well, it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris. We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23.
How long will the sub contractors be on site?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan.
I'm sure it will. So, we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34. I'll confirm that date with our suppliers.

Here are the plans for the new finished goods warehouse. Do you have any thoughts or comments?
I think the plans look good. There's just one thing though, I'm a bit concerned about the main lorry entrance. What's the height clearance?
Let me check. It's 3.80 m.
Are you sure that's high enough?
That's a good point. I'll make a note to increase it to 4.80 to make sure we can accept the new containers.

How's the building work going?
Well, I'm afraid we've had a slight delay.
What's the problem? We really can't have any delays at this stage. We're working to a really tight schedule and we're already over budget.
The cement arrived late but don't worry, I'm confident we can still meet the deadline. The crew is on stand-by and as soon as the concrete has set we can get started again.
OK. Keep me informed. Jt must be ready on time.

Who's in charge of the construction project?
We've taken on a civil engineer on a nine-month temporary contract. He'll oversee the whole project. In fact we're having a project meeting at 3 p. m this afternoon allocate responsibilities and finalise the time schedule. Why don't you join us?
I can’t I'm afraid. I've got another meeting scheduled for 2:30 p. m.

I'm phoning about the factory visit next Friday. What should I do when I arrive?
Park in the visitors'car park in front of the factory and then go to the gatehouse. It's directly opposite the entrance to the car park. The Security people will sign you in and give you a visitor's badge. My assistant will come down to meet you.
OK, thanks. Look forward to seeing you on Friday, then.

We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years.
That's excellent. How have you managed that?
Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system.
What does that mean exactly?
Well, we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers.
What other sources of energy do you use?
We don't use any fossil fuels. Most of our power comes from hydro-electric plants. We're hoping to use even more energy from alternative sources in the future - perhaps even wind power.

Have you always been on this site?
No, we used to be on an industrial estate on the outskirts of York.
Why did you move?
We needed larger premises so we moved to this greenfield site last year. It's nearer the motorway so it's better for transportation.

Quality is very important to us. We work to very low tolerance levels. We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials. Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers.
Do you have many different suppliers?
Yes. There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list, but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies.

Hi Steve. What do you think of the new supplier?
We haven't had any problems so far. They offer a 24 - hour technical back-up service. We've called them in three times this month. They always arrive within a couple of hours.
That's good service. Do we have to pay extra for that?
No. There's no call-out fee. It's included in the annual service contract.

How do you choose which companies to work with?
Well, there are lots of things to consider. Quality and delivery times are as important as price. We also take into consideration technical support and after-sales service. We look for companies with a good track record. We place a few trial orders and if everything goes well, we put them on our approved list. It's important to choose companies you feel you can work closely with.

What do you do?
I'm an apprentice with a local engineering firm. My training lasts for two years. Two days a week I study Engineering at a local college. If I pass all my exams, I hope the company will take me on as an engineer.

I was surprised to see how few people you have on-site. You provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce.
It depends on the time of year. At peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch. We also contract out certain services all year round, for example, cleaning. We run a very tight operation!
Do you handle the recruiting yourselves?
Sometimes we use a local employment agency. It depends on the job.

What's wrong, Lisa? You keep pacing back and forth.
I'm nervous. I have to make a big presentation in the meeting.
Don't worry. You'll do fine.

Rose, is this you?
Yes, what is up?
This is Susan. Would you mind taking charge of decorating the office for our Christmas party?
Sure.
You can get your supplies upstairs from Mrs. Horn.
Will I be getting any help?
You can ask Frank and Cathy to help you.

Mark, you really did a good job.
You flatter me.
You must have spent much time on the project.
Yes. I have a great team working with me.
Your project made much profit for the company. And the board of directors decided to give you a bonus.
Many thanks.

What do you know about our company?
Well, as I know this company is one of the largest and best in this field of business. It mainly produces toys for children. It employs more than 10,000 people throughout the world. The president now is Mr. Jackson. The Shanghai branch was founded five years ago with a staff of more than 2,000.
Very good. If you enter this company, what department would you like to work in?
May I work in sales department?
OK. Oh, how much do you make at your current job, if you don’t mind my asking?
I’m paid 2,000 yuan per month plus some allowances and bonus as that come to about 3,000 yuan a month. How much will you pay me?
Well, the starting salary for a clerk in our company is 2,500 yuan monthly and after three months he would get a raise if his work is satisfactory.
Do you have any fringe benefits?
Sure, we provide semi-annual bonus, a small bonus at Spring Festival, four weeks paid vacation a year.
How about insurance and full health insurance?
We can buy that for you.
That sounds good.

This computer isn't working properly.
I told you so. I kept having problems with it yesterday. I don't know what's wrong.
We need to get it fixed soon.

Hello, this is Lucy. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Oh, hello, Lucy. What's up?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today, Mr. Smith.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat.
Well, you sound ill over the phone.
Yes. I have to stay in bed today, but I'll be able to come tomorrow.
That's all right. Have a good rest until you feel well enough.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Lucy.

Thank you for seeing me. Did you look over my letter and resume?
Yes. Quite good. Perhaps you're very interested in the social benefits.
Yes, I think it is possible more important than the salary.
Really? We would like to start you off at 2,000 yuan a month, excluding bonus and overtime pay.
Good, about the essential living conditions?
Well, we'll supply you with an apartment of a bedroom and a living room.
I see. I'm a female. Are there any special benefits for me?
Yes, in our company, the women have a two-week vacation a year, besides this, if you are a married woman, maternity leave for some months is permitted.
I think it is very necessary for us. I wonder whether I am on holiday with payment every year.
Yes, you have a paid month holiday every year.
Right. How about the unemployment compensation and the retirement pension?
Well, we are only responsible for the retirement pension. About the unemployment compensation, this will be given by the government.
Yes, I see.

Mr. Wang, I want to apologize for being late again this morning. I just can't get up in time for work.
So it seems. And what are you going to do about that?
I guess I'll have to buy a new alarm clock.

Walter, did you email that document to Mr. Lin yesterday?
Yes, I did, Ms. Chen.
That's strange. I have Mr. Lin on the phone right now, and he says that he didn't receive any email from us yesterday. Are you sure you sent it?
I'm positive, Ms. Chen.

Mr. Tang, we have decided to hire you. How much do you expect to get a month?
I'm making three thousand yuan a month at my present work. I should not, of course, make a change for less. Could you provide me with a monthly salary of four thousand yuan?
I don’t think we can give you that much as the starting salary.
You know, Mr. Allen, Nowadays this starting salary is not high based on my skills and experience.
Maybe, but there are many fringe benefits here.
What are they?
Additional to medical benefits, we also offer a rent free house and the use of a car.
But I have my own car and my own house.
OK, 4000 yuan a month.
Thank you very much.
Not at all, it's reasonable.

Why do you want to join us?
The reason for my application for this position is simple. My educational background and professional experience make me qualified for the job.
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
Oh, just one thing, could you give me some ideas of the pay?
What salary do you get for your present position?
2,000 RIB per month.
What starting salary would you expect here?
3,000 RIB per month.
No problem, we pay 3,000 RIB per month. Plus a 20 % commission on all, a company car and other benefits. All travelling expenses will be reimbursed by the company. Do you have any other questions?
No, that's all.

How much will my pay be, if you don’t mind my asking?
We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month, not including bonus and overtime pay. We don’t give bonus every month, but we offer a semi-annual bonus. And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year, as well. Does it suit you?
Yes, thank you. May I ask for an apartment?
No problem. We'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room.

This will be your office here.
Really? Wow, it is great.
We try to get everyone in the upper management team a nice office.
I suppose so. It's great.
I'm glad you like it.
Yes, is there a coffee machine around here?
Yes, we have a coffee machine and some other beverages in the break room.
Where is the break room?
It's just down the hall, the fourth door on your right.
Got it.
You can always call me if you need anything and I will get it for you.
Thank you.

What sort of salary did you get at your previous job?
Well, I got $ 3,000 per month.
I see. I am sure we can offer you $ 3, 500 at the beginning. Would that be satisfactory?
Yes, I think so. That would be more than I have wished.
Good. We also have health insurance, bonus and paid vacation. When can you begin to work?
What about early next week?
Good. Please come in on Monday. Working hours are from eight to four-thirty. Lunch is fifty-five minutes.
Yes, sir.

Julia, I would like to have a word with you. Have a seat.
Thank you.
According to your performance, I decided to give you a salary increase. From next month, there will be a 2,000 yuan raise to your salary. Although your first raise might not sound considerable, the company believes that with your ability, sooner or later you'll get a better raise.
Thank you very much. Mr. George. As a newcomer, I understand that you have your consideration and I am satisfied with the raise.
I think you deserved this.
Thank you again. I'll keep doing my best.

Are you paid on a commission or salary basis now?
I'm paid on a salary.
What's your monthly salary?
At present I get 1,800 yuan per month.
How much do you hope to get a month here?
That's not the problem I care about. You can decide on my capacity and experience.
If we decide to hire you, we'd pay you two thousand and five hundred yuan a month at the start. You can have Saturdays and Sundays off. Besides, you may have a paid month holiday every year. How do you think about it?
Thank you, Mr. Brown. I really appreciate your assistance.

We need someone rather quickly, the sooner the better.
Can I ask what the position pays?
Well, of course depends somewhat on experience, background and that sort of thing. What are your currently earning?
My current salary is in the range of fifty thousand yuan.
I see. Including bonus?
Yes, but not including overtime pay. I'm looking for a salary slightly higher than my present one, with opportunities for raises if I work well.
What starting salary would you expect here?
I have to support my parents who are advanced in age, so I'd like to commence at HAD 2,500 a month.

The client you're meeting tomorrow likes to ask a lot of questions, so you have to be well prepared.
I see.

My name is Sue. How do you do, Mr. Black?
I'm glad to meet you, Sue. Please have a seat.
Thank you, sir.
We've looked over your letter and resume and I'm very satisfied with them. Today I want to invite you talk about insurance you're interested in.
Thank you. I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance.
Of course. A two-week paid vacation a year, a five-day workweek.
Good. Anything else?
Yes. All the insurance will be linked with your work. We will issue an insurance policy.
Thank you, sir.

Do you have any particular conditions that you would like our company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular.
All right. If we decide to hire you, we'd pay you two thousand and five hundred yuan a month at the start. You can have Saturdays and Sundays off. Besides, you may have a paid month holiday every year. How do you think about it?
As regards salary, I leave it to you to decide after experience of capacity.
Well, we'll give you our decision in a couple of days. It's a pleasure to talk to you, Mr. Liu.
Thank you, Mr. White. I really appreciate your assistance.

Do you have any particular conditions that you would like our firm to take into consideration?
Yes. My house is far away from here. May I ask for an apartment?
No problem. We can offer you a flat with two bedrooms and a living room.
That’s great. If you don’t mind my asking, does your company give bonuses?
You’ll get bonuses at the end of each year according to your achievements. Besides, we offer you 1 % commission on all your sales.
Oh, just one more thing, could you give me some idea about holidays?
You can have Saturdays and Sundays off. In addition, you may have a paid month vacation every year. But when it is necessary, we do expect you to work overtime. Does it suit you?
No problem.
If you are satisfied with the conditions here, please sign this contract and give it to me.
OK.

What is my schedule for today, Miss Liu?
Yes, you are supposed to meet the president at ten fifteen this morning. Then, you have a lunch appointment with Mr. Clark. And this afternoon at three you are scheduled to speak before a group of seminar participants.
Do you have the meeting report ready?
Certainly.

Kenvir? Hi, it's Alice. I'm very sorry that I have a big favor to ask you again.
How big, Alice? Last time you said that, I ended up working overtime 4 nights.
Well, I've got a huge load of typing and Mr. Brown has insisted I get it done by tomorrow afternoon. Could you help me to type half of it?
All right, Alice. But this is the last time. I also have a lot of work to do.
Thank you, Kenvir. You're so kind.

Have you ever served in any international trading company?
Yes. I once worked in a small company for one year.
Then why did you leave?
My reason for leaving is that I wish to get into the advertising business.
What have you learnt from this short experience?
I've learnt a lot about business knowhow. I got to know what kind of knowledge was needed in my future work.

Excuse me, Mr. Li. I have something to discuss with you.
I'm in a bit of a hurry, Miss Liu. Can you wait for a minute?
I would really appreciate it if we could talk for a few minutes now. It's about the overtime you've asked me to put in.
All right. What's the problem?
I really can't work overtime. Because my husband has been ill recently, I must take care of him.
I'm sorry to hear that. Take good care of your husband. I'll find another one to replace you.

Tell me about how you work here.
We work in teams. There are about four to six people in each team. I'm training to be a team leader. Each team member is responsible for the quality of the goods we produce. We are multi-skilled so we can rotate jobs. I like that. It stops the work getting boring.

I'm going to quit this job. It's way too stressful.
I've noticed you've been working overtime a lot.
Yeah, I'm in the office till 10 every night. I can't take it anymore. The pay just isn't worth it.

What does your job involve?
I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly. I work with three Project Engineers. They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business.

Could you tell me something about your previous job?
Yes. I worked in a small machinery factory. My work was very simple and there was not much work to do.
Didn't you like it?
No, I thought it was too dull. I'm capable of more responsibilities, so I decided to change my job.
Why do you choose our company?
Yesterday I saw your company's advertisement. Your company is an important international company. Working for it, I believe it can improve my abilities.
What do you know about our company?
Oh, the company is the fourth largest machine producer in the world. It was founded in the United States in 1980. I know that the company has made good use of advanced technology.

How many hours do you work a week?
I do a forty-hour week. I’m on flexi-time. I usually start work at 8 a. m. and finish at 4
And how many weeks holiday do you get a year?
Four - plus public holidays. I usually take two weeks off in the summer and the rest at New Year.
Do you do overtime?
Yes, if we're busy. I'm paid double-time if I work at weekends.

What sort of shift-system do you operate?
We have a three-shift system - that's three eight-hour shifts each weekday. We're shut at weekends. This week I'm on the early shift.
Do you ever have to do the night shift?
Yes, sometimes. I don't like working nights I have problems sleeping during the day.

Good evening, Mr. Taylor. I'm so glad you were able to come.
Glad to meet you again, Mrs Hao. You are so kind.
Now dinner's ready. Let go over to the dinner table. Would you like to use the chopsticks or the fork and knife, Mr. Taylor?
Oh, it's a real Chinese meal. When in Rome, do as the Romans do. I'd take the chopsticks.
Yes, hope you like it. Do you need beer or wine?
Beer, please. Oh, there are so many dishes.
I'm glad you like them... We'd appreciate your kind consideration in the coming negotiation. Let's drink to our friendship.
Let's hope for good cooperation between us.

So, who do you work for?
I work for a large multinational company called DAK Group. We have five main area of business - construction, heavy industry, shipbuilding, motor vehicles and telecommunications.
And which side of the business do you work in?
The motor vehicles division. I work in our Belgian factory. We manufacture components for our car production plants in Europe.
Where are DAK headquarters?
In Seoul. But the company has operations in over fifty countries and thirty factories all over the world.

Would you mind answering a few personal questions?
Of course not.
OK. Does your present employer know that you are going to leave?
Yes. I gave her my resignation a few days ago.
Will she let you leave your present job?
Yes, I think she will.
Why do you want to leave your present job?
Well, there are several reasons. I don't think my present job is suitable for me. That's the first reason. Secondly, your company has a good reputation. I think it can offer me more challenging opportunities. Last, frankly speaking, I wish to get higher pay.
I appreciate you frankness. Do you know anything about our company?
Yes. It's a Korea company and it was built in Beijing five years ago.

How do you get along with your co-workers?
I get along pretty well with most of them.
So how do you develop good relationships in the office?
I think the key point is to be considerate of your co-workers'feelings and needs and make a good working environment.
I think you’re right, but it does seem that there are always a few coworkers that are harder to work with than others.

Judy, what do you think of the new general manager?
He has extensive experience, although the guy’s really deep, sometimes, it scares me.
I heard he's very clear about his likes and dislikes and he's not the type to just let things go, so don’t provoke him.
I know, and that's why I'm always respectful and I keep my distance. It's safer that way.
Me too, I don't know why, but every time I see the guy, I break into a cold sweat.
It's in the eyes. They're the type that seems to look into your soul, making one really uneasy.
Whatever we said, we must be more careful.
Yes, I agree with you.

What does your company do exactly?
We design and assemble a wide range of electric generators for hospitals, hotels anc small factories. We specialise in medium-sized generators but we're hoping to diversify into larger models next year.
And who do you sell to?
We export to Eastern Europe and the Far East. The domestic market accounts for about 40 percent of our total sales.

What position have you held before?
I have been a salesman.
Would you tell me the general description of your present job?
I am in charge of the trading department.
What made you decide to change your job?
I’m working in a small company where further promotion is impossible.
Why do you leave your present company?
I never easily give up something that is valuable. Before I decided to quit that position, I had made a thorough analysis of things like what I would gain and what I would lose here in your company. You know, Shanghai is always a fascinating place to me, full of challenges as well as hopes. In addition to this, I have the specialized knowledge and the necessary experience of making a good. Of course, opportunities to work abroad and a higher salary are also important to me. So I believe it’s worthwhile to come here to work.
Why did you pick this organization?
I'm very much interested in the position.
What made you decide to join our company?
I believe I would have better opportunities with a small but rapidly expanding company like yours.

Good morning, sir. May I help you?
Good morning, I have an appointment with Mr. Johnson at 10:00
Excuse me, sir, but are you Mr. Richard of World Trading Company?
Yes. That’s right.
I’m sorry, Mr. Richard. Mr. Johnson is on his way to the office. He had just called and asked you to wait a minute.
Well, I’ll wait.
Would you like something to drink, sir? Do you prefer coffee or tea?
Thank you. Coffee, please.
Here you are, Mr. Richard. This is the cream and this is the sugar. If there’s anything else you’d like, please don’t hesitate to tell me.
Thank you very much.

Hello, I'd like to see Mr. Charles, the manager, please.
You don't make any prior appointment, do you?
No. I haven't, but I'll take only a few minutes of his time.
Please tell your name, company and the nature of your business.
Yes. My name is Lin Tao, the director of Guangzhou Computer Corporation.
I see. Wait a minute, please.
( 2 minutes later ) Mr. Lin, Mr. Charles can see you now. This way, please.

It's time to graduate and it's time to find a job. Susan, why do we need to find a job?
We need to work is because we need money to live. We need money for food and clothes and to pay for our house. We need money for many different things, and only when we work, we can earn money. And work can also help us feel that we are useful.
But you know it's hard for a new graduate to find a job right now.
Yes, it is really hard. But you must believe that you will find a suitable job finally. When you work, you can accumulate a lot of experience. Besides, you need to learn a lot of things while you are working.
I've been fed up with study.
But whether you like it or not, there’s a trend of life-long study to make sure that we can keep ourselves up with the high developing society. And you need to accept this concept positively.
Oh, my. Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation?
You have no choice, so you'd better adjust your thoughts to be ready to learn anything at any time.

How many people does your company employ?
We have over sixty employees. We have about forty factory workers and technical people and the rest are admin and sales staff. We started off with only ten people, so our workforce has grown a lot.
What's your annual turnover?
It was just over two million euros last year.

Well, Miss Li, it's time for us to say good-bye to each other.
Yes, I suppose we must. I have enjoyed all these days that you have spent with me, and I'll always remember them. I've learned a lot from you. Thank you for all your kindness.
I'm glad you could come to see us off. I have enjoyed your interpreting. You have done a wonderful job. I hope you be my interpreter again next time I'm here.
I hope so, too.
It's hard to tear myself away from your friendly people and your ancient country, but nothing lasts for ever. I have to go back home this time, but I'm sure I'll return very soon.
I'm really glad to hear that
Good-bye. Miss Li, say hello to your husband and your son for me. See you soon.
Good-bye, Mr White. A happy journey home, and hope to see you again soon.

How long has the company been in business?
For over forty years. The original company Davies Engineering - was founded in 1960 by the Davies brothers in a small workshop near Manchester. They closed down the workshop in 1980 and opened up a new factory in Leeds.
When did it become CABS?
In 1997 - when it was bought by a German company. They set up two more business in the UK.
What does CABS stand for?
International Air Braking Systems.

Mr. Wang, I've had scheduled for your two days stay in Shanghai. You can make some changes if it does not suit you.
All right. Please read it to me.
On Friday morning, Mr. Wang, the director of Shanghai Research Institute, will visit you at the hotel. In the afternoon, you will discuss some problems with Mr. Yang, vice manager of computer corporation.
Very good.
On Saturday, you'll leave the hotel for sightseeing. Miss Lu will be your guide.
Oh, that's great.

Mr. Jackson, I've drafted a schedule for your business trip next week. You may have a look.
Oh, great! Let's discuss it together. Now, when am I off then?
You're leaving on Tuesday morning.
What time exactly?
Your flight takes off at 8
Oh, am I seeing Mr. Li?
Yes, you're seeing him on Thursday. You're inspecting the factory in the morning and having dinner with him in the evening.
I've got a schedule!
Oh, that's not everything. You're free on Friday and then on Saturday you're catching the 9 o'clock plane back to Guangzhou.

When we get paid for this assignment, you get US $ 2, TOO, and I get US $ 3,000.
Hey, that's not fair. I did as much work as you.
Okay, okay, we'll split it 50/50.

Amy, could you help me with this work?
Sorry, I'm busy. Why don't you ask Alice?
Okay.

Our usual supplier has let us down and I’Ve been looking through your parts catalogue. I need fifty GT670s. How soon can you deliver?
Just a moment and I'll check. We’re expecting a delivery on Friday. We've only got ten in stock at the moment. I can deliver those by first thing tomorrow morning. There'll be an extra charge for special delivery. I'll have to send them by courier.

Are you busy tomorrow morning?
I'm free. What's up?
Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport.
Oh, I just remembered I've got a report to write.

How long have we had the A3 printer in the sales department?
Just over a year I think. Why, what's the problem?
I'm not sure but there seems to be something wrong with it. Is it still under guarantee?
I think the guarantee's just run out. Let me check. Oh, it's OK. We took out an extended warranty, it runs until next March.

Bad news, I'm afraid. Our supplier has gone bust. The parts you ordered have arrived at the docks but the handling agent won't release them until someone pays the invoice. We also need to arrange transport to the factory.
Don't worry about the cost. Our insurance policy covers us against situations like this. We need those parts urgently. Could you please try to get them here tomorrow?

Why have you changed your job so frequently?
My first job was in a well-established company where the division of labour was very clear. I do not have more chances to enrich my experience. Then I got an opportunity to really broaden my experience with a new company that was starting up, but unfortunately, they closed their service in three months'time. I have worked in my present company for a considerable length of time and enjoy the job I am doing now, but I think I have accumulated enough experience to take up more challenging post in a much larger and diversified company where I could make solid contribution.

Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you’re interested in.
Thank you. I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance.
Of course. A two-week paid vacation a year, a five-day workweek.
Good. Anything else?
Yes, all the insurance will be linked with your work. We will issue an insurance policy.

Good morning, Mr. Chu. Would you like me to brief your schedule for today?
Yes.
You are scheduled to meet Mr. Thompson of ABC Company at eleven this morning. Then, you have a lunch appointment with Mr. Li. And this afternoon at four you will attend a press conference.
I am afraid I can't attend the press conference due to an urgent conference with the Board of Directors at half past four.
All right. Do you want me to cancel the reservation for you?
Yes, thank you very much. In addition, do you have the marketing proposal ready?
The proposal is being repaired right now and I think it will be ready by tomorrow morning.

Do you have any questions?
Yes, do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation?
Yes, after you’Ve been here a year, you qualify for a three-day vacation
Only three days?
That's the company policy.
What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year? If I’m sick an extra day or two, will my pay be deducted?
Yes. That's the company policy.
It was the same as the last place I worked at. I was hoping you’d be different.

Do you have some questions?
Yes, I really want to know about the housing system in your company.
If you join us, our company will provide you a single dormitory. If you make great achievements, our company will offer you a flat according to the related regulations. It all depends.
I also want to know if there's a holiday at your company, for I must visit my parents every year.
Besides the official holidays, our company offers a ten days paid holiday every year, which makes it possible for you to visit your parents. Any other questions?
No, thanks.

This is the schedule for the project. Any comments or questions?
I think we'll need more time than the schedule gives us.
Don't worry. These dates are only targets.

Where are you employed?
I have been employed as a secretary at a trading company.
What do you think of your present job?
I find it interesting.
How do you get to office?
I go to the office by bus every day.
What does your work consist of exactly?
My main responsibility is trouble-shooting between top management and the general employees.
Would you mind working overtime at night?
No, often my boss requires overtime work.
How much money are you making a month?
5,000 yuan a month.
Why do you plan to change your job?
I would like to have a job that is more lively than my present one. Besides, I would like to practise my English in my work. As my present employer deals with China trade towards China only, there isn’t much chance to speak English.

You have worked in your present company for five years.
Yes, I do.
Why do you want to resign?
As you know I serve as a secretary in my present company, I really want to look for a more challenging opportunity.
What kind of work are you interested in?
Just as you advertised in the newspaper.
So you are interested in our company.
Yes, what's more, your company is one of the largest and best trading companies in this line of business.

Hi, Paulo. How are things going?
Everything's going very well. The first phase of the project was finished three days ahead of schedule. We're on target to complete phase two by the beginning of week 40.
That's good news. What stage are you at now?
Well, we've just finished laying the cabling and we're waiting for the safety inspector to give us the go-ahead to continue. I'm just going to meet him. Do you want to come?

We're going to have to postpone the meeting.
Why?
Mr. Chen can't make it today.

Our new production control program's going live on Monday. The old and the new programs will operate in tandem for four to six weeks. That should give us time to iron out any little problems.
Hope it all goes well. We're very busy at the moment and certainly don't want any problems at this time of year.
Yes, I realise that. We've spent a long time planning and preparing for the change-over. I'm confident we won't have any major problems.

Is the new computerised stock system in operation?
Not quite. The software engineers are testing it just now.
Have all the operators been trained on it?
Yes, most of them. We trained on a dummy system last month. A couple of people were away so we've organised two more training sessions on the live system for the whole team this week.

We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade. But don't worry, it won't cause too much inconvenience. We're going to do it over the weekend.
How long will the system be down for?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours'time. It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours. If everything goes according to plan, it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday.
That's fine. We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side.

How many places have you worked altogether?
Three.
Would you tell me the general description of your present job?
I am in charge of the trading department. I'm handling invoices, shipping bills and computing freight costs, that's most of the documentation.
What time do you go to work?
I must be there no later than 9:00.
What time does the office close?
I quit work whenever I get finished, usually about six o'clock.
Does your work involve a lot of paper filling and typing?
No, the secretary does this. It's not part of my job.
What made you decide to change your job?
I am working in a small company where further promotion is impossible, so I decided to change my job. I'd like to find a job which is more challenging.

Hi! Someone has reported a fault on one of your copiers.
That's right. I'm glad you're here. It hasn't been working properly for the last few days.
When was it serviced?
Just a couple of weeks ago. It's usually very reliable.
What's actually wrong with it?
Well, it's making a strange noise when we try to change paper trays.
I'm sure it's nothing serious, probably just a minor fault. I'll have a look at it.

I've just got a new printer. How often do I need to replace the print heads?
Well, under normal conditions each head lasts about 5 000 copies or so. It depends on the user, but about once a month is average.
So if I don't print out very much, it could last a lot longer?
That's right. It could last six months or more. This model's designed for heavy use. Don't worry - you'll get an error message telling you when to change the head.

We've got very good workshop facilities here. We do all our own servicing and most repairs. We have separate areas for welding, grinding and sawing.
Is there anything you don't do in-house?
Yes. If we don't have the facilities to deal with it here, we send it out for maintenance.
Is that more expensive?
It depends on the job. It's actually more cost-effective than buying specialist equipment that we don't use very often.

Are you doing the job the way I suggested?
No, I think I didn't like your method.
Well, have it your way.

Can you help me? This fitting has come loose and I need something to tighten it up.
Let's have a look. Oh yes, you need a 10 mm ring spanner. Here you are. Just leave it on the workbench when you finish.
Thanks for your help.
No problem.

Where can I find a spare hose for the pump?
What size do you need?
25 mm diameter.
They're at the back of the stores, second shelf up on the right-hand side.
Thanks. Have you got any light bulbs?
They're in the blue cupboard. Anything else?
Oh yes, some wire cutters.
I’ll need to check. Sorry, we don’t have any in stock. But I can order some and send through the order today. How many do you need?
Just one pair.
Fine. They should be here the day after tomorrow.

I haven't seen this machine before. What's it used for?
It's a really useful piece of equipment. It's for smoothing rough edges. Here let me show you how it works. It's very simple to operate.

Could you type up this document for me, Sandra?
Sure, but I have to finish this report first.
Never mind. I'll do it.

I've just taken a spanner set from the stores.
That's fine. Don't forget to update the inventory.
Sorry, what do you mean?
When you take something out of the stores you need to update the stores database so we know when to reorder.

Hi, Sven, can you help me? Could you hold the end of the tape measure, please?
Of course, where do you want me to stand?
Just there by the door. I need to measure the length of this workbench. We're going to replace it. OK - 3 m 47 cm. Let's round it up to 3 m 50.
I'm glad you're replacing it. We need more space to work on things. How deep will the new workbench be?
Tell me what size you want and I'll order the wood.
Well, it's about 65 cm at the moment. Could we increase it by about a third?
Sure. So let's see. We need a piece of wood 3.5 m long by 1 m wide. I'll order it right away and I'll be able to install it next Tuesday.

Has my package arrived?
I'm not sure. What does it look like?
It's quite a delicate piece of equipment, so I hope it was well-packed. It's oblong-shaped, about 50 cm long. It's made of metal.
There's a large wooden crate in the corner which I haven't unpacked yet. It might be in there.

OK, so this is the main factory area. We're now walking past the printing machine. It's printing in four colours at the moment.
What's going on over there?
They're setting up the machine for a new run.
How long does that usually take?
About twenty minutes.
What's happening at the far end?
That's the packing line. The goods are being wrapped and loaded onto pallets ready for transportation.

I think your presentation impressed the client, Daniel. You did a good job.
Thank you, Mr. Cooper. I hope we get the contract.

Would you like me to show you our new cleaning unit? It's a clever design.
Yes, I'd like to see that. What does it clean exactly?
It washes the solvent off all the metal parts - the blades, trays etc. - and then sends it back into the system.
What does the unit consist of?
Well, it's basically two tanks – one for the dirty solvent and one for the clean solvent, a pump and a washing unit. Oh, and there’s a cooling system and a filter. It's all controlled by a PLC system – that stands for Process Logic Control.

Good morning, everybody. Welcome to IAM Technology. I'm very pleased so many of you could make it here today. My name's Sam Weiss. I'm the Production Manager. I'd like to show you the layout of the factory before we go and visit it. As you can see from this diagram, everything is under one roof. We've designed it this way to help the flow of materials and to avoid bottlenecks.
This area here is where we keep our raw materials. The main production area - our machine hall - is situated next to it. Maintenance is situated between the stores and the production area. Just to the right of Maintenance, there are steps up to the Lab and the Admin Section. Process Control is also on the upper level. It's located above the factory floor so that the operators can monitor everything that is going on below.

OK, so this is our newest machine. It was only installed last year.
What's the running speed of the machine?
About 1,500 metres per minute. It's one of the fastest in the world. We had a few problems with it after start-up but it's running very well now.
And what's the maximum output?
If we're running at full capacity, it's 160,000 tonnes per annum.

Is the factory fully-automated?
Not completely. Our production process is partially-automated. We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually.
What about supply of parts to the production line?
Well, the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system. And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line.
What about the smaller components?
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory.

Could you explain the paper-making process to us - in very simple terms - please?
Well, the pulp falls from a box onto the first part of the paper machine, which is basically a wire bed with large holes in it, where most of the water is extracted.
So, is it actually paper at this stage?
Yes, it is. But we need to take out more water. So it then passes through a series of rollers, where more water is squeezed out. After that it goes through the dryers, which are at a very high temperature. The paper is then coated. And finally it's wound onto reels and cut down into smaller lengths.

How do you dispose of the waste in your factory?
We try to recycle as much as we can.
What about the rest? How do you get rid of it?
We have to send it to landfill. It's very expensive because the government recently introduced a landfill tax so we're planning to build a new incineration plant next year to burn our waste.
But doesn't incineration produce carbon monoxide?
Yes, you're right, it does. But we believe it's less harmful to the environment than landfill

Has your company been affected much by government legislation?
Yes, we have. We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards.
What about your use of raw materials?
Well, we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we’re not allowed to use lead in our products any more.
What happens if you exceed the limits?
We try not to because you might have to pay quite a heavy fine.

Hello, ABC Company.
Hello, could I speak to Mr. Wang, please?
I am sorry. He's out in a meeting now. Could I ask who is calling?
This is Mr. Smith of XYZ Company. When will he be back?
He'll be back at about five in the afternoon. Could I take a message?
Yes, Please tell him I called and ask him to return my call as soon as possible. It's about the PPT contract.
All right, Mr. Smith. I'll be sure he gets your message.

Good morning. May I help you?
Good morning, I have an appointment with Mr. Wang Li.
He's not in, I'm afraid.
But Could you tell me when he will be back?
I am sorry, I don't know.
well, do you think I could leave a message for him?
Certainly.

Where did you get assigned to go this time around?
They asked me to go to Paris to check on the new office that was just established there. And you?
Hong Kong again. I would like to go somewhere different for a change.
Teach me Cantonese and I'll pull some strings to get a trade with you next time around.
If you really want to learn, remind me when you get back from your business trip.
You're on.
When do you leave?
I'm scheduled to fly out on the tenth.

Good morning, Mr. Smith. Welcome to Wuhan.
Good morning!
Mr. Smith, did you have a good journey?
I just feel a little tired. You know, it took me 16 hours to get here.
You must take a rest today.
That's very kind of you, but I can do without a rest. I have long wanted to have a talk with you about the possibility of business between us.
We welcome good business. Anyhow, we know you must get tired by the flight, so we arrange a meeting tomorrow. Today you can have a good rest.
Thank you very much.
We hope your stay here a pleasant one!
I believe I will.

Good afternoon.
Hello. This is Jones. I'd like to speak to Mr. Chen.
Speaking.
I'd like to discuss the new order with you. Would you like to have lunch together at Garden Hotel next Tuesday?
Let me check my diary. Er. I'm afraid I can't make Tuesday. I've got to go to Beijing for a conference. I'll come back on Thursday.
That's a pity. Does Friday suit you?
Yeah, that would be fine. What time?
Is 12 o'clock convenient for you?
Yeah, that's fine. Next Friday at 12 at Garden Hotel. I'll look forward to it.

Excuse me, but are you Mr. Smith from Britain?
Yes, I am.
I'm from Textile Import and Export Corporation. I've come to meet you. My name is Zhang Yong.
How do you do, Mr. Zhang? I'm glad to meet you.
How do you do, Mr. Smith? Let me help you with your luggage.
Thank you very much.
Did you have a good trip?
On the whole, not too bad.
Anyhow, it's a long way to China, isn't it? And I think you must be very tired.
Yes, I am, rather. But I'll be all right by tomorrow and ready for business.
I wish you a pleasant stay here.
Thank you.
Now, Mr. Smith, if all is ready, we'd better start for the hotel.
I'd like to. Let's go.
This way, please. Our car is waiting over there.

Anne, would you please come in for a while? Please also bring along the minutes of yesterday's management meeting.
Of course, sir... Here's the minutes of the meeting.
How long did the meeting last?
The meeting was delayed by thirty minutes and it lasted for two and a half hours.
Did the chairman ask for me?
Yes, I told him that you were very ill and couldn't attend.
All right. Have you handed in my report to him?
Yes, I did. Besides, here are all the reports and materials handed out in the meeting. I think you'll have to do some replies.
Thank you, Anne. You've done an excellent job. Did they mention the date for the next meeting?
No, they didn't. The chairman said he would send a memo to all managers by the end of this week informing them of the date of the next meeting.

Hi, Mary, you have been a secretary for several years in this company. Could you tell me what a secretary should do for a meeting or a conference?
Well, an important part of the duties of a secretary, I think, is to do well the preparation work for the meeting.
What should a secretary do to prepare for a meeting? Can you tell me a bit more about it?
First of all, the agenda should be prepared before the meeting. Then you should ensure that those entitled to be present are properly informed.
I see, and how about the documents and the information?
All the necessary documents and the information relevant to the meeting should be available, preferably printed and distributed before the meeting.
And what should a secretary do during the meeting?
Of course, she should take minutes.
And after the meeting?
After the meeting she should type the minutes up, and then keep proper records of the business transacted and the resolutions passed and also implement many of the decision reached at the meeting.
It's seriously good.

Miss Sun, could you please type this report for me?
Certainly, Mr. Baker.
Could you please double space it so I can make corrections?
Yes, I will. Do you need it finished right away?
No. This afternoon will be fine.

Mr. Black? I'm from the Pacific Mechanical Company.
Oh, yes. Step inside, will you? I'll give you an idea of what business I want to take up with you. Take a seat. We can go into details later.
Thank you.
Our speciality back in South Africa is wholesale supplying of screws, bolts, nuts, pins, studs, and that kind of things.
For wood or for metal?
For both. Now, do you make machines for producing such things?
Yes, we have a showroom not far away from here, Mr. Black. Are you free now?
Yes, quite free until noon.
Fine. Then, shall we go right away? I have a car outside.
Have you? That's splendid. Just let me get my things together. I won't keep you long.
Take your time, sir. I can wait.

Mr. Li, the report has been finished.
So fast! Thank you.
You're welcome. This is my duty. Anything else?
Yes, you'd print out the address and telephone number of those guests from your computer, and then send those materials to each business worker.
OK, I'll do it right now.
By the way, to tell them try to persuade those new guests to cooperate with us. Because I found a biggest opponent from this post-trip.
Yes, I get it.
OK, it's no anything. Do what you should do.

Miss Gray, would you please type this report for me?
Of course, Mr. Green.
Can you print it out before 12 o'clock? I need it this afternoon.
No problem. I will do it immediately.
Please double space it and print it out on the laser printer so I can read it easily.
OK. Would you like this report done in a formal or informal style?
Please type it in a formal style.
I see. Anything else?
No, thanks.

Owl! I've twisted my ankle. I slipped on that greasy patch over there. I don't think it's broken but it really hurts.
Sit down here - don't put any pressure on it. I'd better call the company doctor.

Marco has fallen off a ladder. I think he's hurt his back. What shall we do?
We'd better not move him. I'll get the first-aider.

You say your products are aimed at the green consumer. In what ways are they environmentally-friendly?
We produce household cleaning products - detergents and so on. They are all phosphate-free, which minimises damage to the environment.
What about the packaging?
We try to use as little packaging as possible. Also, all our bottles are made of recyclable plastic and we use recycled fibre in our boxes. That's what our customers want.

Your hand is bleeding. What have you done to it?
I cut it on that blade.
I'll get the first aid box. There's some antiseptic cream and a bandage in there.

What sort of problems do you have with these machines?
They're quite complex machines and they have a lot of different components. We need to check the metal casing regularly for any signs of corrosion. We also check the brushes once a fortnight to make sure they aren't worn down. It's important to make sure everything is properly aligned and we adjust it if necessary. There is a canvas belt at the end of the assembly line. If it gets wet, it might rot so we check that regularly too.

Hi, Xavier. I'd like to go over the list of jobs for next week's maintenance shut.
Sure. We've got a lot to do in a short time. We're planning to shut the line at midday on Wednesday and start up again at 6 pm the following day. We might need to extend the shut by about six hours.
Our production people won't be happy about that. We've got a full order book at the moment. Is there any way you could speed things up?
Not really. We need to dismantle the conveyor belt and replace the rollers.

Recycling is big business these days, isn't it?
Yes, it's definitely a growing business.
What do you recycle in your plant?
Mainly plastics. Plastics aren’t bio degradable - they don’t break down easily in the environment - so they shouldn't be thrown away.
How is plastic recycled, then?
Well, there are basically two methods. One is to break down the chemicals in the plastic into smaller chemical particles. These can then be used in the production of new chemicals.
Is that the method you use here?
No, we don't do that here. We recycle polyethylene and we make it into other products.
How do you do that?
By melting it down and then reforming it. Our main products are bin liners for kitchen bins and carrier bags for supermarkets.

Caroline Menzies speaking.
Could I speak to Diana Curzon?
I'm afraid she's in a meeting at the moment. Who's speaking?
This is John Laing from Dantons.
Can I take a message, Mr Laing?
Yes, please. I'm actually returning her call. So perhaps you could tell her that I called.
Certainly. Does she have your number?
She must have, but let me give it to you anyway. It's 01705 455623.
01705...
455623.
455623.
That's right.
OK. I'll make sure she gets the message.
Thank you.

Rebecca Johnson speaking.
I'd like to speak to someone in your Accounts Department, please.
Just a moment... I'm afraid there's nobody there right now. Could I take a message?
Yes, please. My name's Michael Caxton from one of your customers — Rosedale Investments.
Sorry, just a moment. The name is Caxton...
No, it's Caxton.
Fine, I've got that. And your company is...
Rosedale Investments.
Could you spell that, please?
It's R, O, S, E, D, A, L, E.
Thank you. And the message?
It's about an invoice which is wrong.
Have you got the number there?
Um... yes... it's 856674 / ros.
856674.
That's right.
OK, I'll get someone to phone you first thing in the morning.
Thank you very much.

Marriott Street.
How do you spell that?
M, A, double R, I, O, double T.
Right. Got that.

Fastback Travel. How can I help you?
Could you put me through to Dan Aykroyd?
He's on holiday for the week, I'm afraid. Can I help?
Could you leave him a message?
Sure.
Could you tell him that Horst Weissmuller phoned.
You'd better spell that!
Of course. It's H, O, R, S, T, then W, E, I, S, S, M, U umlaut, L, L, E, R.
Right, I think I've got that. OK, what's the message?
Just tell him I'll call him when I get back from Australia. That's it.
OK, will do. Bye.
Thanks. Bye.

It's the Cygnet Trust.
Could you spell that please?
Of course. C, Y, G, N, E, T.
Cygnet. OK, I've got that.

This is our main service area. We do all the routine services here and have two full-time mechanics.
How often do you service the vans?
They're serviced regularly. We give them a basic service every 10,000 km or so and a main service once a year, or every 100,000 km.
I see. What does the service involve?
Well, the same as for private vehicles really, but we do it more often because they get a lot of wear and tear.
Can you carry out major repairs here?
Yes, we've got all the necessary equipment. We can give the engines a major overhaul. If there's a serious problem, we strip down the engine and find the faulty component. Would you like to look around?

Dentale Associates. I'm afraid there's nobody available to answer your call. Please leave your name and telephone number and we'll call you back. Please speak clearly after the beep.
( beep ) This is Miriam Lavalle – that's spelt L, A, V, A, L, L, E. It's about an appointment I made with Simon Meredith. I'm afraid I'm going to have to change it. Can you call me? The number is 01563 566 770. Thank you.

There have been too many unplanned shutdowns over the past few months. We'll have to make a few changes to the way we operate. We need to reduce our downtime.
I agree, but the maintenance team is fully stretched dealing with problems. We don't have time to carry out any preventive maintenance.
We need to establish routine maintenance procedures. It costs us too much in lost production if we wait until something breaks down before we fix it.

How often do you service the pump?
We take very good care of this particular pump. It's a crucial part of our process. We clean it and flush it through at the end of every shift, We check the high pressure seals, recalibrate the gauges and lubricate all moving parts weekly. We replace the gaskets every month.
How do you decide how often these things need to be done?
Well, from experience we can predict the lifespan of different components. We try to replace components before they fail or wear out. This prevents the equipment from breaking down. It also saves us a lot of trouble!

What do you do if you find something that isn't on your list?
It depends what it is. Once we have disconnected the unit, we do as many jobs as we can. If there is something that isn't broken but might cause a problem before the next service then of course we repair it or replace that part. But if it's not urgent, we make a note in the service record to carry out that repair next time.

John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill. Do we have anyone on stand-by?
I'm afraid not, we're very short-staffed at the moment. Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime? Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement.

What's wrong?
There's no power.
Have you checked the fuse box?
Yes, the fuse had blown and I've changed it but now the motor keeps cutting out.
There might be a loose connection somewhere that's making the safety switch trip. Check the settings on the trip-switch. If you can't fix it yourself, call in an electrician.

What's wrong with the photocopier?
The toner has run out and there's none in the stationery cupboard.
I need to make six copies of this report for the Board Meeting tomorrow. Ring Office Supplies and ask if they have any in stock. If they can't deliver this afternoon, I'll go and collect it.

What’s happened? Is there a problem?
I think the gears have seized up
You'll have to dismantle the unit and lubricate the bearings. Do it as quickly as you can but make sure you top up the oil before you start the motor up again.

Are you looking for part time or full time employment?
To start with I would like something part time with the hope that it can develop into something full time.
So you are interested in being with a company for the long term?
Yes, that's right. I like this city very much and would like to make my home here.
Here is an application. Please fill it out to the best of your ability. Did you bring a resume and references?
Yes, I did. I have them here.
Keep them until you ready to give me the application and you can turn them all in at once.
Thank you very much. This should only take me a few minutes.

I have some great news! I was able to switch to the night shift!
I knew everything would work out for you!
I got to meet the night Anger today too. We got along right from the start.
Wonderful! Do you already have your work schedule?
Not yet, I pick it up tomorrow.
Do you know what you will be doing yet?
Yes, I'll be managing the guys on the dock.
You're so good with people. I think they will like you!

Good morning, everyone. Let me introduce myself to you...
You don't need to introduce yourself, Yang. You're famous.
Well, thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule — at least for a while.
OK, OK!
Now, I'd like to get things under way. The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U. S. sales strategy for the new EBB. I'd like to hear all of your ideas, Mr. Wall, you seem in top form today. Could you start the ball rolling?
Uh, oh, sure. Well, I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising.
Well, that's kind of obvious.
Give me a break, Mr Yang.
Uh, let's keep this going, shall we?

Hello! You're welcome to Guangzhou Fair.
Thank you. I'm from America. Here is my business card.
Glad to meet you, Mr. Smith. My name is Wang and here is my name card. I'll be glad to do what I can for you.
Great! This is my first visit to the Fair. Everything is new to me. Would you please give me some information?
Glad to. The Fair is a big gathering taking place twice a year, thousands of businessmen from more than a hundred and fifty countries and regions are here to trade with China.
What about your company?
Ours is a company special in exporting leather products. And what about yours?
My firm has high standing in my country. My bank is the City Bank, New York. You may refer to it for my status.

Good morning, sir, can I help you?
Yes, I was wondering if you had the time to show me around this exhibition?
I'd be glad to, sir. But may I ask what line of business you are in?
I'm in the electrical appliances.
I see. Would you be interested in seeing the audio-visual products? They are made by our company.
Thanks, they are rather attractive. But I think there is nothing better than seeing things In actual operation.
Yes, of course. Would you like to make an inspection tour of some factories?
Yes, very much, if it wouldn't add inconvenience to you. First hand information is always more valuable than reading pamphlets.
I'll make the arrangement and let you know the time tomorrow.
That would be great.

We are interested in some precision machine tools. We have some inquires on hand.
That's fine. We can supply all kinds of precision machine tools. Our products are much admired in the world market and enjoy a wide acceptance in modern industry.
Can I have a look at your catalogue and the corresponding technical data?
Why, of course. Here are some that will show you our latest development. You may select which ever you need.
I think our users have the impression that your prices are always much too high, compared with those of other supplies.
Excuse me. It's true that our products do cost slightly more than the other makers, but It's only due to our technological superiority.
Your products may have certain advantages, but your prices are too stiff.
If you give us your inquiry, I shall go very carefully into the price and try my best to put you on the best of the terms.
OK, I'll come back to discuss it to some details after our users have studied your catalogues and price list.
Yes, surely. We hope to do some substantial business with you.

Oh, gosh! I feel everything around me is against me.
Don't take it too hard. There are some tips you should know in job-hunting of 2010.
Well, I am all ears. Maybe they are helpful.
Firstly, you must always show your best to the interviewer. And secondly, try to avoid spamming through e-mails, because this will make the reader go crazy. The last but not the least, there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age.
I understand what you mean, and I will not upset myself. Face it.
Good luck to us.

You are going to work as my office secretary from next Monday. Right now I want to show you the rules of our company.
Thank you for your instruction. I really need to know the rules before I play the game, so I can know more about our company.
The working hours are from 9:00 to 11:30 in the morning and from 1:30 to 5:30 in the afternoon. Make sure never to be late or absent. Every time you should use the employee card to show you are present whenever you come into the company.
Set your heart at rest. I keep this in my mind.
In my opinion, a secretary must be familiar with office routine and try to do some things by you. This is the filing cabinet and any document or file you may need. And you should file these documents in alphabetical order.

I heard Nick found a job in a bank and his salary is said very high. I also want to work there.
Will this do? Your major is not related to banking, as you know.
I know that, but making a lot of money makes me crazy.
Money is not the only standard to decide your career. In fact, there are more important things you can refer to when evaluating your career. If I were you, I would choose one I like to do.
Actually, I am afraid I will be stuck in the job forever, if I choose a bad one.
Don't worry. We can always change our careers, when we are unsatisfied with them.

We're interested in your Drawn Works. What about the supply position?
For most of the articles in the catalog, we have good supply.
Here's our inquiry list. You'll find the required items, specifications and quantities all there.
Thanks. I'll look into it and let you have our firm offers tomorrow.
I don't need to remind you that the market has become very competitive.
You'll find our prices very favorable.
That's fine. By the way, do you quote FOB or CIF?
Either can be done, though we usually quote on CIF basis.
Then would you please make your prices CIF including five percent?
Certainly. We can work them out for you.

We have made some adjustment on the prices. And this is renewed price list.
Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction, but still we find your price is on the high side.
This is our rock-bottom price, and we can't make any further reduction.
If so, we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks.
Then what’s your counter-offer?
This is our counter-offer.
We are sincere to make business with you, but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great.
So are we. Our counter-offer is in line with the world market.
How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business?
Agreed.

What do you think of our price?
Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes. We regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but your price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that of other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price. To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I’m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run, moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes, this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered.

I can promise you that, if you buy our product, you will be getting A-l quality.
I've looked at your units, and am very happy with them. Your goods are all far above standard quality.
We spend a lot of money to make sure that our quality is much better. We won't sacrifice quality for quick profits.
Well, we're really interested in placing an order under negotiation. We can start the negotiations as soon as you want.
Great, I'm glad we'll be able to do business together. I'll have some quotations ready for you by tomorrow morning.
Fine. As well, would you mind if I asked to see the Loyd's surveyor report of your products? I may have a few more questions about your quality analysis.

How can I be sure your products are of superior quality, as you promised?
One of the reasons for our good quality products is because of our quality inspection system, which is the best of its kind.
But a quality inspection system does not mean that each unit will always be up to the standard.
We have trained analyzers to do quality analysis at the end of each part when we make the product. This means that no mistakes are made.
Your salesman also told me that each worker is trained to do quality analysis. Can you tell me a little about that?
Certainly. We provide quality analysis training as part of the training for all new workers, plus a week of further training every year.

What are you doing here? How about your resume now?
I still have no idea what to do now.
Don't act like this. Please have good thoughts in your mind. What's behind you?
I could not agree with you more. But I feel worried about what to do next as soon as I begin to write my resume.
There is no need to do like this. We can surf the net and find some templates for resume.
Sounds good. I will do it in a jiffy. OK! Let's put our heads together.
You said it. We can also find some helpful advice from some experts.
Terrific!

How's everything, Janice?
I sent my resume to a computer company and am waiting for their call.
Which company?
Pineapple Computer Company. A secretary is needed there, and it is worth a try. Do you get any information or advertisement for employment?
Yep! I got some, in which I am interested. But...
But what? You always act like this, when you face difficulties.
YOU GET ME!
All the fears are nothing. You can make it. There is no other choice for you. Be brave.
Seemingly there is no turning back. I have to face it somehow.
It's all or nothing.

Can you help me? The program is not responding and I don't know what to do.
Look at the icon in the bottom corner of your screen. Is it flashing?
No. It isn't.
OK. Try closing down all the files you're not using at the moment.
But I can't move the cursor at all. My screen is frozen. What should I do?
Have you tried pressing the Escape key?
Yes, but nothing's happened.
OK, you’ll need to reboot your machine. Press Control, Alt and Delete at the same time.
I've never done that before. Will I lose all my files?
You might lose the file you were working on, but don't worry, the help desk can restore it. When did you last take a backup?

I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me.
Are you sure you're using the right program?
Well, yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version. Their system is newer than ours.
That's why you can't open it. You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file.

The system keeps crashing when I try to access the personnel database.
I think the file is too big. You'll need to expand your memory. First, close down all the files you have open, and then...

Is that a no-smoking sign?
Yes, it is. As you know, some of the materials we use are highly-flammable so we have a very strict non-smoking policy in the factory.
What does that sign mean?
It means there must be no naked flames or sparks anywhere near flammable materials. If the materials ignite, it could cause a serious fire and the fumes they give off can be very dangerous if you inhale them.

I’Ve been having problems getting onto the Internet.
Have you checked your connection settings?
Yes, they're fine. I suppose.the server might be down again.
Yes, there have been a few problems recently. Why don't you call the IT department?

Could you just run through the evacuation procedure?
Yes, of course. When you hear the fire alarm, which is a very loud, continuous ringing noise, you should go to the nearest fire exit or fire escape as quickly as possible.
Should we use the stairs?
Yes, don't use the lifts. We have regular fire drills so you'll soon become familiar with the procedure. And always shut the fire doors to prevent the fire spreading.

What should I do if I notice a fire?
Raise the alarm by breaking the glass of the nearest fire alarm. Call Security, say'Fire'and give your name and exact location. At night you should phone the fire service from the nearest telephone.
Should I try to put the fire out?
If you discover a small fire, you can try to put it out with a fire extinguisher but only do this if you have been trained. Make sure you use the right extinguisher. They are all colour-coded and contain different substances to put out the fire.

It's so earlier this morning, Mr. Li! You just came back yesterday, you should have rest much more.
I'd like to have rest, but I have many things to do.
How about this post-trip?
It's very good, and the result isn't too bad.
Really?
Of course. I will write a report about this post-trip, and then you'd better type it at the moment, OK?
OK, it's no problem.
( Afternoon ) Miss Liu. Are you typing my report?
Yes, what can I do for you?
Nothing. I just tell you take care of it when you type, especially the address and telephone number of those new guests. You should make sure that it's no mistaken.
OK, please don't worry about it. You should set your mind at rest.
Ha, I know you are great secretary.
Thanks your flatter.

What's your plan for your future?
I'd like to work in a law firm to enrich my experience and put what I've learned into practice.
Have you had any previous experience?
Well. During the college years, I worked as a trainee every summer at lawyer's offices. Does that count?
Of course it counts. What kind of work did you do there?
I did clerical stuff and ran errands.
In this office, we encourage full attendance by offering a bonus. If you take any leaves, we'll deduct money from your salary.
May I know about the office hours?
Office hours are nine to five-thirty. One hour for lunch. Do you have any questions?
Er, may I know how much I will be paid monthly?
We'll give you about 3000 to start. There'll be a trial period of three month. After six months, we'll have a job performance review and consider giving you a raise.
When will I know your decision?
I'll call you in a day or two, did you write down your phone number on your resume?
Yes, I did. Can you call after 7 p. m.? I'm usually out in the daytime.
All right. Good-bye.
Good-bye.

Welcome to our company, My name is Jon Dahl Green. I'm in charge of the export department. Let me give you my business card.
I'll give you mine too.
How was your flight?
Not bad, but I'm a little tired.
Here's your schedule. After this meeting, we will visit the factory and have another meeting with the production manager. And you'll be having dinner with our director.
Could you arrange a meeting with your boss?
Of course. I've arranged it at 10 0'clock tomorrow morning.
Well, shall we get down to business '.
Sure, did you receive the sample we sent last week?
Yes, we finished the evaluation of it. If the price is acceptable we would like to order now.
I'm very glad to hear that.
What's your best price for that item?
The unit price is $ 12.50.
I think the price is a little high, can't you reduce it
I'm afraid we can't. $ 12.50 is our rock bottom price. If you purchase more than 10,000 units we can reduce it to $ 12.00.
Well, I'll accept the price and place an initial order of 10,000 units.
Very good. It's been a pleasure to do business with you, Mr. Smith.
The pleasure is ours. Can you deliver the goods by March 31?
Of course.

What is your strongest trait?
Adaptability and sense of humor.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
( Pause a few seconds ) They say Mr. Chen is an honest, hardworking and responsible man who deeply cares for his family and friends.
What personality traits do you admire?
Honest, flexible and easy-going.
What leadership qualities did you develop as an administrative personnel?
I feel that learning how to motivate people and to work together as a team will be the major goal of my leadership.
How do you normally handle criticism?
Silence is golden. Just don't say anything ; otherwise the situation could become worse. I do, however, accept constructive criticism.
What do you find frustrating in a work situation?
Sometimes, the narrow-minded people make me frustrated.
How do you handle your conflict with your colleagues in your work?
I will try to present my ideas in a more clear and civilized manner in order to get my points across.
To secure employment hopefully with your company.
How long would you like to stay with this company?
I will stay as long as I can continue to learn and to grow in my field.

What kind of personality do you think you have?
I am quite active and energetic. I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like leaving things half done.
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted?
I am quite outgoing, I think. I enjoy mixing and doing things with others.
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy?
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends. A person can't live alt by himself, I think. A friend in need is a friend indeed. So the more really close friends I have, the better.
What kind of people do you like to work with?
People who are honest, dedicate to their work and have integrity.
What kind of people do you find difficult to work with?
Slacker and those who violate working procedures and ignoring deadlines.

Could you arrange an appointment with Mr. Smith?
Sorry, Mr. Smith agenda is full today.
How about tomorrow afternoon?
I’m not sure, but I will arrange for you and inform you as well.

We have some quality-control problems. Mr. Zhang. We need to go to the source to work them out.
What problems are you having exactly?
The complaint rate for our new product line is very high, almost eight percent.
That is high.
Yes. We keep finding problems when testing the sound boards.
But your promotional materials claim the broads are the least expensive of their types on the market.
The least expensive, but still fully functional. And we think that your factory needs to take measures to improve quality-control.
That will involve additional expenses for us, which we will have to pass on to you as a rate hike.
I am afraid that is not acceptable. Your contract says that you will deliver a product with a reject rate of less than six percent.
Well. I will tell you what, Mr. Li. I will review the contract and talk with management. Then we will get together and hash this out.

What did you exactly do there?
I was responsible for helping patients restore their organic functions, training them in speech and organism, carrying our massage and physiotherapy, taking care of patients'nutrition and diet.
What do you think are the qualifications for being a doctor?
They are sense of post, mentality quality, first aid ability, emergency adjustment, and law consciousness.

Where on earth are we going to borrow at 3 %?
We can borrow from a bank, the gross interest rate will be something like 7 %. With corporate tax at say 30 %. We are only paying on 50 % of this. There is still inflation to consider.
You can knock off another 2 % for that.
We can borrow as much as we can.
Not quite, if we get too heavily in debt, the shares will tend to drop.
How much loan capital can we safely raise then?
I would like to have notice of that question, I will give you an answer in a week.

Good morning. Elly company.
Good morning. Could I speak to someone in the sales department, please?
Hold on, please.
Thanks.

I am glad to meet you, Mr.Joey.
Hello, Mr. lie. I would like to discuss with you the feasibilities of establishing a joint venture with your company.
That is excellent, your investment proposal is a wise decision. May I have some idea of your suggestion?
I suggest that we set up a board of directors for the management of the company and share rights and obligations as equal. That is very important.

What kind of jobs have you had?
I worked as a personnel manager in a state-owned company, and then I transferred to joint venture as a sales manager. So I am familiar with the food market in China.
How did your previous employers treat you?
They treated me very well. We cooperated harmoniously and respected each other.
What have you learned from the jobs your have had?
I have learned some skills about how to deal with clients and how to behave myself as a personnel manager.
When you worked in your previous company, which did you prefer, working with other people or by yourself?
I preferred working with other colleagues when I worked in my previous company. I think teamwork and cooperation are very important. No matter how competent he or she is in a company, he can’t do without them.

You would be using mainly English in this job. Do you think you could manage?
Yes, I am sure I can.
Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English?
Yes, I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English.
Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease?
Yes, I think I can in ordinary circumstances.
Do you think you can speak English quite fluently? Tell me about your English education.
Yes, I think I speak English quite fluently. I got a high score on TOEFL. I majored in English in college.

How many foreign languages can you speak?
Only English.
What do you think of your English?
I have passed CET - 6 and I am proficient in reading and translating foreign materials. I have rich translating experience because I used to be an English translator.
Can you speak English fluently?
I have received an oral English training and I can communicate with others fluently.
Did you take TOEFL or GRE?
Yes, I did. I got 600 in TOEFL and 2, 300 in GRE.
When did you begin to learn English?
I started to learn English when I was in primary school.
Do you think your English is good enough to do office work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe the amount of English I know is sufficient to work in a South Korea firm.

Are you familiar with American-styled accounting?
I am afraid not. I haven't worked in an American company so far.
What are the most fundamental concepts underlying the accounting process?
The first is accounting entity, and the second is going concern. The third is measuring unit. The fourth is accounting period, and the fifth is objectivity.

Your prices seem a little high.
We could make it lower for you. What's your counter-offer?
We make a counter-offer to you of $ 150 per metric ton F. O. B. London.
If you order in large lots, we'll accept the price.
OK. We will increase our order.
All right, as a token of friendship, we accept your counter-offer.
I'm glad that we've settled the price.

Our offer is RIB 300 per tape-recorder, F. O. B. Tianjin.
We think the price is too high.
That's the best price we can offer.
We'll have to discuss it with my boss.
We can give you a discount if you order for immediate shipment.

In foreign trade, exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner.
How to adjust?
Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers'needs, wants and likes.
Ah, some products are successful at home, but not be popular overseas.
That's because the fashion, taste and social customs and so on vary considerably.
Yes, sometimes the differences are great.
Well, we should be in accordance with national conditions and adjust the product.
We have to ensure that the product should be attractive to guarantee sales.

After probation, you'll find that our silk products feels more comfortable than others.
How about this product selling from last month on?
It's selling like hot cakes, and we have lots of regulars now. Would you like to place a trial order?
Am. Well, can I have a try of the sample free of charge?
Yes, we have the free samples for customers. And you can have a try.
Thank you. We'll order once we try the sample.
Please wait a moment and fill out the order form. And we'll send you our sample.
OK.

In foreign trade, language differences are very important.
Yes. If people can not communicate with each other easily, they can not understand each other's way of thinking.
Fortunately, there is a widely-spoken commercial language, namely English.
Many exporters speak French and German as well.
In South America, the most common language is Spanish and Portuguese.
Even if the language is accurate, a misunderstanding can not be avoided due to cultural differences.
Yes, the language is a part of culture. It reflects a nation's character.
Yes, it not only includes the nation's historical and cultural background, but also contains the nation's view of life way of life and way of thinking.
So in foreign trade, you must be very clear about language differences.

Do you know what exporters consider?
Well, they consider some distinct but related problems, such as seeking for a target market or locating the promising customer. An exporter needs to know about the social characteristics of people he is dealing with.
Could you talk about it in detail?
Ok. You need to know what they like or dislike, what religions they follow. Especially you need to know how they behave, their habits and their way of life, the things that they are used to. Sometimes, people in different countries, have varying outlooks for cultural, political, religious.
I understand. Thank you.

I am here to tell you that the clothes are very much to taste of our market and the customers are quite satisfied with the excellent quality.
We are very glad to hear that. We are sure that there will be a bigger market for our products in this country.
Well, we have an extensive sales organization and a thorough knowledge of Asian market. Your products would sell very well here. We are prepared to do more business with you. We are also interested in handing a sole agent for you.
We really appreciate your efforts. Before we go to the core of matter, can you give us some idea of them on which you would be willing to operate as our agent?
No problem.

I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters.
My name is Steven. I'm the Sales Manager of this company.
Well, look here. Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly.
Oh, I'm sorry about that.
Never mind being sorry, what are you going to do about it?
Don't worry, we'll soon fix them.
Good, I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again.
I'll certainly look into that.
Thank you. Goodbye.

Come in and sit down.
Thanks, Mr. Liang.
Among all the assistants, I think you're on top of it. Based on the annual evaluation, the board of directors decided to give you a bonus.
Really? I am too happy.
I've been reviewing your work over the past few months. Thanks to your excellent work, we benefit much from your project. And you should get the perfect attendance award too.
Thanks for your trust. Owing to my colleagues'help, I've successfully completed my task.
You are very modest and diligent. The distribution of bonus derived from the performance evaluation. You deserve it.
Thank you very much. I will redouble my efforts in the future.

Would you please explain for me what a business contract implies?
A contract is an agreement which is binding on both parties mutually. A contract might be formal or informal, oral or written. An implemented contract is one which has been fully executed by both sides ; an executive contract is one which is going to be performed. They are enforceable by laws and any party who defaults the contract may be sued and forced to make compensation.
What are the purposes of contract?
In an ordinary contract, the objective of a contract might be relatively simple, indicating the description of commodity, price, quantity, terms of payment and etc.
When we draft a contract, which points should we pay special attention to?
Well. First, make meaning clear by using concise forma language. Second, describe accurately the exact requirement. Finally, state clearly the permissible variation in quantity.

Mr. Smith, I'm wondering whether you have found a way of considering my offer?
I certainly have the will but I wonder if I've found the way.
You see. I made what I consider to be a reasonable offerbased upon the rise in production costs and the continued fall in the exchange rate of Australian Dollar to U. S. Dollar.
Let me say something about the falling Australian Dollar. We're both hurt by the rising U. S. Dollar. We will have to pay more Renminbi for U. S. Dollar to buy wool from you.
I understand.
Do you? Then you can see that we have one wish that is to conclude this transaction in a way that will satisfy both sides. What can you do to help?
I think the best way I can do is to reduce our price by 2 % and I should think we could conclude a deal at $ 98.
All right. I accept this reduced offer at $ 98 per metric ton FOB stowed. The other terms and conditions shall remain the same as those in the previous agreement. Now will you draft the agreement or shall I?
Your legal department is very good at these things. We can trust them with the drafting of the agreement.
Ok. Then well bring it over to you tomorrow morning. You'll sign it first, so it will only need my signature. Is that agreeable to you?
Very agreeable, Mr. Smith. It will only take me a minute to sign it and send it back to you.
Good. Let's shake hands on this successful transaction.

May I come in?
Come in, please.
Hello, Mr. Liang. I've done with the work. My report is here so please give me new instructions.
Oh, very good. I've been waiting for your report all week.
Would you please have a look at my report? I hope the project meets your demand.
OK, I will see it soon. You can go back now.
If you have any questions about it, please don't hesitate to tell me. I'll go. Bye.
Bye.

We are very interested in your printed pure silk scarves, so could you introduce us your prices?
Thank you for inquiring. But your enquiry is too vague to reply.
Please send us your best offer and state payment terms and time of shipment.
Ok. I need to discuss it with our manager. We'll let you have our firm offer next week.
I'm waiting. Your early offer will be highly appreciated.
Ok. I will reply to you as soon as possible.

Good morning, Family. We'll have our board meeting this afternoon. Can you write the agenda on the notice board?
What will you discuss at the meeting?
We'll talk about the financial report for the first half of the year.
And anything else?
We'll also discuss the personnel plan for the second half of the year.
That's all?
Yes. Please write them down on the notice board. I want everybody to see them.
OK.

Were you a leader when you were in college?
Yes. I was Propaganda department minister of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
No. It’s a pity about it.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the basketball Society. I like playing basketball.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football.

Would you mind telling me your grades in high school?
Of course not. My school record was above average in my class.
Very good. What was your favorite subject in middle school?
English. I've liked English ever since middle school, and then in university, I had some excellent teachers.
How were your scores in university?
They are above 90. I’m in the upper third of my class. I have worked hard at my major subject.

What are your strengths and weaknesses?
I have just left school, but I am well acquainted with office work.
Why are you qualified for this position?
Since leaving school, I have attended typewriting and shorthand classes, and have now attained a speed of fifty and ninety works respectively.
What can you contribute to the position of a market analyst?
I know how to gather and summarize information from the Intent, which is an essential skill for market analysis.
What job-related skills do you have?
I am a good accountant and have a thorough knowledge of the English language.

How about your grades of study?
I have been doing quite well. As reach 90 % and Bs reach 100 %. And I’Ve been awarded Zu Jingle Scholarship two times.
Besides your major, do you know some in other fields?
Yes. To develop my knowledge, I studied Economics, Business Administration and Accounting through self-study. Nowadays, I have passed three courses on CPA.
Have you ever been a student leader?
Yes, I used to be the monitor of my class.
Did it affect you much?
It’s a very important experience for me. First, it improved my organizing ability, and let me understand how to resolve a problem in the overall perspective instead of my own perspective. Second, it let me know how to cooperate in harmony with people who I like or dislike.

I see you just graduated from college. What was your GPA?
It wasn't as high as I would have liked. It was 2.5.
Why do you think it wasn’t higher than that?
I participated in several extracurricular activities. And I worked 2 jobs to put myself through school.
Wo, wo, that certainly is a lot for a young man to take on.

Ms Anderson, my name is Mike. I am Division Chief of ABC Company. Welcome to Toronto.
Thank you. It's a pleasure to meet you.
A pleasure meeting you as well, the flowers are for you.
Thank you, they are beautiful.

Please file all the reports for me.
OK. Would you like to file them according to dates?
Yes. Will you also make copies and file them using both methods?
Yes, I will.
Good. Can you please also list all the documents in those old files?
When do you expect it to be finished?
Before next Friday.
All right.

How is your English ability?
Not bad. I’m proficient in both written and spoken English.
English and computer skills are comparatively important to this position, especially in the starting period. What’s your ability in these two fields?
I passed College English Test Band 6, with good skill in listening, speaking, reading, and writing. I haven't got any certificate of computer skills, because I don’t think certificates are necessary if what’s needed is merely operating a computer. I think practically, to know how to use a computer is more important. And I am quite familiar with Microsoft Office.
What else do you have to prove your English ability?
I took a part-time job last semester in translating and doing reception work for an exhibition. My work included hosting the visiting foreign exhibitors, communicating with them, arranging their agenda, and translating several materials. I think this activity well demonstrated my ability in English. And I will be glad to take any form of English test you arrange for me to prove my ability.
How do you deal with those who you think are difficult to work with?
I stick to my principles and keep to the rules. Sometimes, they just lack enthusiasm. When I get them involved with something constructive, some of them change their attitude later.
Yes, I see.

We have been here for about five days and I have to leave now.
Ok! You know you're always welcome here. Did you enjoy your stay?
Yes, we have a very pleasant time. Thank you for being so nice for us.
It's our pleasure. And is there anything else we can do for you before you leave here?
No, thanks. You've done a lot for us. Thank you for everything.
Don't mention it. Oh, This is a small gift for you.
Oh! Thank you! It's very kind of you.
We hope you could visit our company again.
We're sure we will. And welcome to our corporation next year. We're expecting you.
Ok! We'll definitely go to visit your company.

The environment varies greatly because of difference in language, customs and traditions.
Yes. This gap can be filled by export market research before exporting.
But the importance of the export research is often neglected by the managers.
That's right. They do not appreciate its value and consider it to be a luxury.
Therefore, when enterprises are spending a lot of money in trying to penetrate a new market, they should research whether their products can be sold at high enough a price and in a satisfactory amount.
Exactly!

Good morning, and welcome to Live Tech. It is my honor to make this presentation for you. Let me begin by explaining some of our digital cameras'selling points. You will see immediately that they are very stylish, but what you can't see is the cutting-edge technology inside. All of our cameras are light, compact, and easy to use.
Can I take a look at one of those?
Be my guest. Live Tech's digital cameras combine point-and-shoot simplicity with the ability to easily turn pictures into great-looking prints. Furthermore, it allows users to transfer pictures to a computer while the camera recharges.
Can I take a picture of you? Seeing is believing.
Sure, Just push the button, like...
I think I can figure this out. Let's see if this works as advertised. Say'cheese! '
I think you will find these are the best digital cameras on the market today.
I think the quality of the photos will speak for themselves.

Hi, Steven, take a seat! How are things at work?
It's coming along well, but it is a little delayed.
Can you finish it on time?
I'm pressed for time and I am afraid I need someone to help me.
OK, I will send Beker to help you. We need to get the brochures done and sent them to our clients on Friday without delay.
OK, we promise to do it well.

Hi, Boss! I'd like to tell you what we've discussed during the day.
Okay. Is all going well?
I think it's going very well, actually. We had a long meeting with them. After several lengthy discussions they decided to accept our offer.
Really? That's great. You really did a good job. Anything else to tell me?
We're meeting with their finance director today and then with the other directors tomorrow, just to sort out some final details.
OK. If he wants to make any changes, minor alternations can be accepted. Let me know what happens.
OK. I never forget it.

Steven, can you give us a summary about your work? What do you get from your work?
I have accumulated a wealth of practical experience in work as a chief advertisement designer. Moreover, I realized teamwork is the key to success.
Why do you think so?
I think building team spirit among the coworkers is very important. I believe we can accomplish a miracle if we stick together.
Very good. Anything else?
My advantage is that I have strong sense of responsibility. But I lack patience.
I must praise you for your modesty and diligence. What's your plan next?
I will listen and learn more when I start my new job. I plan to become more professional in my field.
I've got to commend you ; you really did a good job.
Thanks for your compliment, but there is still plenty more to learn.

Peter? This is Steven from China. I've got the document you want.
Great. Send it to me by FedEx tomorrow morning. Or better, call Federal Express for a pick-up. That way I'll get it even earlier.
That'll cost me a fortune.
Don't worry about that. I'll reimburse you as soon as I receive the package.
OK. I'll try. But I'm not sure Federal Express picks up mail in this city. If that's the case, I'll send the package through Chinese express mail service.
OK.

What problems will exporters face in moving to the foreign market?
An exporter needs to know the social characteristics of people he is dealing with.
Like what?
What do they like or dislike. What languages do they speak, what religions do they follow.
Reasonable.
Especially he needs to know their behavior, their habits, their way of life and the things they are used to.
Sometimes people in different countries, or even in different parts of the same country have varying outlooks because of the tribe and culture.

Hello, Steven. How do you get along with your job?
Actually, I learn many things from it. I find that I am a quick learner in new things.
Practice makes perfect. By the way, what do you learn from your job?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine. Now I know how to operate it. Besides, the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement.
Yeah, you are a good learner. I must commend you for your good performance.
Thank you. That's a long way to go for my job.
I appreciate your effort very much. The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work.
OK, let's go.

Good morning! May I help you?
Good morning! Is Mr. Smith in? I'm Cheng Jun from China National Petroleum Corporation. I'd like to see him.
Do you have an appointment with Mr. Smith?
Am. No, I have an urgency to talk with him.
Wait a moment, please. I'll tell his secretary that you are here.
Thank you.
I'm sorry. He is holding a meeting until ten o'clock.
It's nine o'clock now. And I'll wait for him.

This is Manager Liang's office, what can I do for you?
This is Wang Miao from AB company speaking. Our CEO Mr. Green has an appointment with Mr. Liang tomorrow morning. But there is a minor change in tomorrow's schedule. Mr. Green has an abrupt urgent case tomorrow and he has to go abroad today. He wanted me to convey his apology to Mr. Wang.
OK! I'll tell him.
And Mr. Green will make another appointment when Mr. Wang comes back.
Ok! Thanks for calling.
Bye!
Bye!

Hello, Steven. Do you have any questions to ask me?
Yes. There are several data documents about this contract. Please advise me which one I should give up.
Let me see. The data documents with'A'and'B'are the drafts, and the ones with'C'and'D'are formal contracts. Do you know what I mean?
I see. Thanks for your instruction.
Not at all. I am pleased to tell you these.

Susan, can you give me a hand?
Sure, what's wrong?
I want to create a password for this document. Please tell me how to do it.
It's easy. Press O and then P. Then it will ask you for your password.
What do I do after I've typed in my password?
Just press ENTER and you've done.

There's a car waiting for you just outside the door. Right this way, please.
OK!
Let me put your cases into the trunk and please get in the back.
Thanks!
How was your flight?
It's comfortable, but now I'm a little tired.
We'll reach the Beijing hotel in another ten minutes. When we arrived there, you can go up and have a rest. The hotel has very good service, and it's considered as one of the best hotels here.
Thank you! I lived there when I came to Beijing last time. It's comfortable and beautiful.
If it's convenient for you, Mr. Wu would like to invite you to the banquet in honor of you in the evening.
Thank you! I will. When and where will the dinner be?
At six o'clock in the International Hotel. We'll pick you up this afternoon. Besides, if you care for visiting, we'll arrange some sightseeing for you.
Oh, that's nice. Thank you for arranging all of this.

Good morning, Helen.
Good morning, Steven.
So, what's the status of our advertising campaign?
It'll be a national campaign starting next week.
What style will the ads be?
I suggest that we focus on slice of life, showing how you can beat the summer heat by biting into a cool ice-cream sandwich.
Sounds like a good idea. Will we have a new slogan?
Definitely.

What's your products'competitive edge?
You have probably noticed that our products'prices are competitive. Besides. we can provide more superior products than other companies at the same price.
We need your detail explanation.
It means that if you place a big order, we usually allow 15 % for a trade discount. And our products feel more slip, colorful and faddish than others. You can have a look.
It sounds good, and how about its quality? We only look for the best.
We always sell the best. You can believe us at this point.
OK! How long dose it take you to deliver if we order 1000 pieces of silk?
Within 2 weeks once we receive your orders.

Would you be willing to meet the extra cost if we meet your additional requirements?
Well, if you can meet our deadline.
That shouldn't be a problem, as long as we can make ends meet.
I also hope your quality will meet our standard.
We never fail to meet our client's expectation.
Excellent. We will meet all your conditions if you can meet our demands.

Hello, this is Than Hua's office. Can I help you?
Hello, could I speak to the export manager, please?
Speaking.
This is Joey from Mary trading company. I learned that you are the leading export of cloth by Hummed company.
That's right. What can I do for you?
We are interested in cloth made in China. The clothes are sold very well here. We are a big location supplier for the northeast market here. I'm thinking that we'll have some business opportunities.

Our factory locates at a village in the east of the city. The area of it is 3,600 square meters.
We'd like to visit the factory. Can you show me the way?
That's OK! We'll take you to have a tour. Please follow me.
How many shifts are there in your factory?
There are two shifts now in total.
What about your company's QC management?
We established the strict QC standards and we have followed it for about five years with good results.
Where are the workers from? From the villages nearby?
Most of them live in the city. We provide free commuter buses for the workers. Besides, we built the dormitory building for the workers on night shift.
It sounds nice. We can't wait to visiting the factory.

I'm here to sign the agreement.
I'm sorry. The agreement hasn't been fully prepared. It will be ready by tomorrow.
Can you speed it up and let us have it today?
I will try my best. Here is the draft. Would you please go over it and see if any modifications are needed?
Let me have a look.Well, it contains basically all we have agreed upon.
How about the terms concerning packing?
I don't think so.
If you totally agree, I'll type the agreement this evening and have it duplicated for signatures.
That's fine.

Mr.Wang, we haven't discussed the mode of payment.
You know Mr. Forster, this is a really large purchase. I am afraid we can't pay off at one time. We have to pay by installment.
Do you mean you prefer a deferred payment?
Yes, Mr.Forester.
When do you start the payment then?
We'll start our payment in half a year and the total amount will be paid off within 2 years by three installments.
We can accept that but you have to pay the interest.
All right.
Shall we sign the agreement now?
Ok, let's sign it.

The negotiation of the price has taken us a long time. I hope the following negotiation about quality will be quicker.
I think so, too. Our only request is that the quality is in conformity with the contract stipulations.
Don't worry. Our quality is based solely on our sales samples.
But what will you do if the goods we receive are not standard?
We are sure to responsible to replace the defective ones.
That's great.

Do you think it's time to sign the contract, Mr. Simpson?
I'd like to look it over before I sign it.
OK, no problem. I hope there are no questions about the terms.
I am fully satisfied with the terms of this contract.
Shall we sign this contract now?
OK. Where do you want me to sign?
Just sign at the bottom.
OK. ( Sign ) Once a contract is signed, it has legal effect.
You're right. Thank you for your cooperation.
It's my pleasure.

We want to order some of these products.
Mr. Thomas, this is a standard size.
Can you supply us right away?
Yes, we have plenty on hand right now.
Good, we'll take 500 suits.
OK, thanks for the order.

Good morning, Mr Zhang, I wonder whether you have got an answer from your superior.
Yes, we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon.
What's the answer?
We decided that we could agree to your price, but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery.
Let me see. I quoted your delivery in three months, didn't I?
Yes, but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible.
I thought you would be worried about it. So I rang Auckland last night. As you are our biggest customer, they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month.
Good, if you agree we'll draft the agreement right away and sign it then.
By all means.

Why do you want to work in our company?
Well, there are 2 reasons. First of all, I'm itching to work in a foreign enterprise. Secondly, your branch is a new establishment in Beijing. I think I'll be assigned more workload and responsibilities here.
Can you tell me something about the balance sheet now?
Yes, of course. The balance sheet contains 3 major sections, that is, assets, liabilities and owner's equity.

What qualities do you think a business manager should possess?
Creativity, the ability to organize, the entrepreneur's spirit, comprehensive knowledge of human studies, ability of gathering information, expert competence of communication and deep professional skills.
If a client complains about the service of your department, what will you do?
If I'm in the service center. I'll listen to the client patiently, and accept the criticism objectively. Then I will have the claim reasonably settled.

Why did you choose Applied Sociology as your major?
I think Applied Sociology is a practical subject that can be widely applied to research on soci-ety and man. Hence, I chose it as my major.
Have you taken the course in Public Relations when you are in college?
I am sorry to say I haven't, but I have taken many other courses that concerns the PR, such as Social Psychology, Public Affairs and Mass Communication.

Is the room ready for the meeting, Miss Chen?
Yes, Mr. Li.
How about the microphone and speakers?
I also have done it.
Good. Have you prepared some paper and pencils for the participants?
Yes. They have been laid by their name cards on the meeting table for each attendant.

Mr. Li, I come to remind you of the meeting scheduled at 11 o'clock this morning.
Oh, that's right. And the general manager asked me to report the company's sales for last year at the meeting.
By the way, the meeting will be held in your office.
OK, thank you very much.
Not at all. That's what I should do.

Have you had any medical experience in any hospital before coming here?
Yes, I worked as a doctor at Beijing People's Hospital.
How long have you been there?
A little over 3 years.
In what section did you work in the hospital?
I worked in the Infection Medicine Division.

How do you do? I need your help in selecting a foreign market to invest!
Fine. I have your letter and I've made some notes.
How can I find out what countries to invest?
We have quite a lot of import and export information and can give you figures on population, consumption, production, and foreign exchange reserves.
Great. I want to get an idea for the purchasing ability in various countries.
But you're also going to have to give some attention to trade restrictions. You can get much information about environment of investment.

Could you tell me something about investment environment of your country?
Our country is a free trade nation. She was mainly agriculture and rather a backward country and mow has developed into a modern highly industrialized state with an expanding economy. Parallel to this, her dependence upon foreign trade has increased. Increased output generates a greater need for raw materials, semi-finished products and capital goods. Thus. in many fields, our country is an important and growing market for exporters from other countries. But this doesn't mean that our country is an easy market, because of a liberal import policy and the high standard in our market is keen.
Well, what about price?
The price factor can be a useful instrument for exporters when trying to place their products in industrialized countries. Of course, marketing goods abroad is not only a question of price. There are also other important factors such as design, quality of goods, terms of sale, transport and insurance.

How many years have you done business with China?
Let me see, about five years, we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003.
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete?
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners. They have always followed the contract strictly. We can do business directly with the corporation. As I mentioned before, the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law. Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies.
Well, it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma. Does it influence your business in China?
Actually not at present. But we are afraid it will. You know policies influence business to some extent. I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists. China is really a large market. We don't want to lose it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

What is your greatest strength?
I think I am very good at planning. I manage my time well so that I can always get things done on time.
What is your weakness?
I always give each job my best efforts, so when others are not pulling their weight, I am frustrated.
What is your greatest accomplishment?
I got the Scientific Research Prize from the Gansu government for my achievements in the Northwest Regional Economy Development Research Project.
Can you work under pressure?
Working under pressure is exciting and challenging. I don’t mind. In fact, I am very efficient when certain pressure is exerted on the work.
What are the problems you have encountered in your job and how do you solve them?
There was a time when both the clerical assistant and the secretary resigned at the same time. I then had to handle their work temporarily. The workload was incredibly heavy. So I started to set priorities for the jobs and hired part-time staff to handle routine work. Finally, I managed to keep the operation smooth until we found someone to fill the vacancy.
How do you deal with those who you think are difficult to work with?
I stick to my principles and keep to the rules. Sometimes, they just lack enthusiasm and I get them involved with something constructive. Some of them change their attitude later.

Do you have any special skills?
I can write computer programs, I have a good command of secretarial skills.
What qualifications have you got?
I have a doctor license and a driving license.
Do you get special training in office skills?
I passed both the Cambridge Examinations ( First Certificate and the Certificate of Proficiency in English ); and studied for a year in London at the Lucas Secretarial College, ending with speeds of 120 words per minute in English shorthand and 50 words per minute in typing. I was also trained in office procedure.
Please tell me about work you have done, which qualifies you for this job.
I’Ve received some special training in typing, shorthand and operating a fax machine, etc.. I’m experienced in IBM-PC. I can operate familiarly a word-processor, a fax machine, a photo and other office equipment.

Have you seen our new packing specifications?
Yes, I have, Mr. Thomas. We'll pack them two dozen to one carton, and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton.

Could you tell me which kind of payment you'll choose?
We're going to pay by check.
Will you please have the check certified?
If you think it is necessary.
It's just our policy. We would accept a certified check or a direct bank remittance.
OK, no problem.

Now people are talking about world recession which started more than a year ago. Can you give us your personal assessment of the situation of the global economy?
As you know, we are in a very special time. This is a very hard time for many countries'economics, both developed and developing. I think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies.
What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy?
Once the US economy is in trouble due to the terrorist attack, the impact could be quickly felt in the rest of the world.
What challenges is your country's economy facing at the moment?
We do face a lot of challenges because there is still much uncertainty about the world economy. It's very important for us to strike a proper balance between investment in fixed assets and household consumption.

Jim, what do you think of that first interviewee?
Well, he looked sharp and he came across as a very confident guy.
Okay, what about the first woman?
She looked a little rough around the edges but had great skills.
All right, and what about the older gentle?
He was very distinguished, maybe a bit over-qualified.
Ohhhh. I hate this part of my job.
Why don't you go over the resumes again? They might help you decide who to hire.

How would you like this order shipped?
Send it by the fastest way.
Are you going to ship this by air? That might cost a little more.
How much?
I'll check the costs and call you back.
OK.

How was your flight from Hong Kong?
Okay. What time is the meeting tomorrow?
10:30. I'll pick you up at the hotel at 10:00. : 10:30.

We've been discussing the project for two hours. Let's take a break.
Sounds good. I want to go get some coffee.

Mr.Chen, do you mind if I smoke?
I'm sorry, Mrs. Lin. We don't allow smoking in the office.

Your definition on success?
Most people think that wealth means success. But from my point of view, the problem should be viewed from two aspects. On the one hand, wealth is a very important thing to measure success. The ability to make money, to some extent, signifies your knowledge, your capability, the value of your labor, etc.. With the development of our economy and industry, more and more people are pursuing money these days. And in toda / s society, If you have money, you seem to have everything. But this is not the case. I think success, on the other hand, also means satisfaction from work. It also means that you can get respect from others.
What’s your ideal job?
Ideally, I’d like to have a job that will allow me to work from home several days a week. I’m the kind of person who can set priorities, work well independently, and set my own pace. I actually successfully worked from home for several months in my current job when a problematic pregnancy forced me to stay in bed. But I realize that many employers do not have experience with employees who work from home, and I have, of course, performed very successfully in a traditional office setting.
How would you describe your relationship with your last two supervisors?
Very good. Basically, once our sales plan was put together, I had a great deal of freedom to handle my sales in the way I felt best.
How would your present boss describe you?
He always says I am a hard worker with consciousness of responsibility, sufficient education, and enough experience.
What would your colleagues say about you?
They would say I am a dependable friend and a capable colleague.

What's your ideal boss?
I have had an incredible boss, who was my direct supervisor during the last year of my coop work experience. A-bout two months after I began working for her, she really let me spread my wings. She encouraged me to work independently, because she said she had come to trust my judgment and commitment. So I was able to move forward on projects without having to check in with her every day. Of course, I made certain that she knew what I had accomplished on a daily and weekly basis because I gave her summary reports, although she didn't specifically ask me to. Without her support and encouragement, I don't think I would have felt confident enough to have written up a proposal suggesting that the department change a process that had been in place for a long time. But she was open to suggestions, so long as employees could back them up with research and facts. When I submitted my suggestion, she reviewed it and told me where she thought it needed more work. She then took my revised proposal to her boss. He was a more conservative type, but she lobbied him to try It for several weeks. He did, and it was so successful that it was instituted as a permanent change. I've also worked for some very difficult bosses in summer and part-time jobs. And while I'd certainly prefer to work for one like I've just described, I'm the kind of person who can get along with just about anyone.

And how would you describe yourself, Miss Tao? What kind of person are you?
Well, as I mentioned before, I think I am easy-going. I enjoy working and talking with people and I'm a responsible person.
Did you have any difficulty getting along with fellow students or teachers?
No. Not at all. I'm quite easy-going.
What's your strong points?
Oh, I'm very responsible, I can make fast decisions, and I do not need much supervision. I enjoy completing challenging tasks.
What do you dislike most about your job?
Probably routine, dull work. Oh, I am much more enthusiastic if I'm given a challenge and responsibility.
What kind of relationship do you think should exist between a supervisor and employee?
A friendly one. I think an open, friendly, honest relationship should exist. An employee should feel she ( he ) can go to her ( his ) boss anytime with any kind of question.
Sometimes working with a foreign company can be stressful. Foreigners tend to get excited or angry easily, and they show it. Are you sure you can handle this stress? How do you deal with conflict in your present job?
Well, there's a lot of stress in a Chinese company also, although much of it is below the surface. I have confidence in my ability to handle conflict. If I have a problem with a co-worker, I do everything I can to work it out directly with that person. If I am unable to work it out, then I ask a supervisor to help out. If my boss shouts at me, I try not to take it personally. I try my best to understand the stress he is under. It's kind of like being in a family. Often family members say things in the heat of the moment, but don't mean what they say. A company is like a family, it has good times and bad times.
How do you feel about overtime work?
That's no problem. I know that every company has busy periods. When this happens, I'm ready to put in as much time as necessary to get the job done.
What is most important to you in a job?
I want to feel that I am making a real contribution to the company, so I would like my boss to trust me with important work.
Do you think that you are introverted or extroverted?
I'm quite outspoken. I enjoy calling a spade a spade and hate talking in a roundabout way. So I'd call myself outgoing.
Under what kind of circumstance will you lose your temper?
Seldom. But I hate someone's frequently being late or lazy.
OK. What are your strong points?
Hmm. as I mentioned, I can work well under pressure and I enjoy work that challenges me. I think that my English ability is also a strong point.
And your weaknesses?
I think I sometimes try to be over-organized. So I am learning how to let some things go and concentrate on the most important part of my job.

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tonight's fashion show.
We see you are all dressed to the nines.
How very appropriate, because tonight we have a most dazzling show for you!
Yes, this runway is going to sparkle with glamour and style!
Some of tonight's highlights are dressed in the latest straight from Shanghai.
And others directly from New York.
So, sit back and relax and get your order forms ready.
Because you're going to love this show!

How do you get along with your boss?
I had a terrific working relationship with my boss, even though we are very different people. Because I've had a number of bosses, I've come to realize that to make things work, you have to understand what's important to your boss. Then you have to do everything you can to support him ( or her ). It's natural to think about your own agenda first, but if you help your boss, Ifs likely to move your agenda ahead at the same time. My last boss was great in that regard, she appreciated my efforts and rewarded me when I helped her accomplish her goals.
What do you think is important in your work?
Many are important — intelligence, diligence, information and planning. But the most important, I think, is achieving results.

I've heard that you are going to call for a tender. What kind of goods would you like to buy?
Yes, we're ready to start the invitation to tender. You're well informed. We'd like to build new factory.
When do you open the tender? And where?
We intend to open the tender at first next month in Beijing.
And when is the closing date?
The time period is set on June 29th.
Could you please tell me something more about the conditions for the tender?
All right. The area of the factory buildings is around 8,000 square meters. You can read the details in the invitations which will be sent tomorrow.
Thank you for your information.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry to have taken up too much of your time.
It doesn't matter. We'll be in touch.
Okay, bye!
Bye!

Will you send the letter to the chairman of the committee?
I should be most delighted.
Thank you, Mr. White.
Delighted I was able to help.

This is our Submission of Tender which includes the information about volume of the project, the cost and so on.
OK! We'll see it.
What kind of guarantee are you going to provide for us?
We can provide you with standby letter of credit established by Bank of China.
Should we pay earnest money?
Yes, you are supposed to pay it on time. If you don't furnish a tender bond on time, your tender will not be considered. Besides, you also should provide derailed engineering of the good.
Where do we submit the tender?
To our office which is on the third floor.
Oh, I see. By the way, is tender-opening done publicly?
Yes. All the bidders will be invited to join us to supervise the tender-opening.
And are the prices stated in the US dollar?
Yes, so far as we know, in the field, your company has lots of experience and we hope you will consider the tender seriously.
OK! We will. Bye!
Bye!

Have you obtained any certificate of technical qualifications or license?
Yes, I have received an Engineers Qualification Certificate and a drivers license.
How many years have you had the drivers license?
I have two years driving experience.
That’s good. What special skills do you have, can you tell me?
I have experience in computer operation, proficiency in Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel.
What computer languages have you learned?
Visual C + +, C and Delphi.
Have you gotten any special training in programming?
No, but I have database programming experience and network knowledge.

When you were in school, what were your favorite subjects?
I enjoyed everything, as long as I was learning.
Still, you must have had some subjects you enjoyed more than others.
Yes, I did like Spanish and Music. But I don't remember much Spanish.
That's too bad. We could really use someone who is bilingual.
If you hire me, I'll start studying Spanish again.

Steven, what's your idea of price?
The best we can do is $ 120 per case.
I'm afraid that's impossible. You can't expect us to reduce it to that extent.
I think you are well informed about the prevailing market.Some Spanish firms are offering the same at much lower prices.
Price can't be separated from quality. A comparison of the quality of our products with that of rival goods will show you that ours is far superior.
It's true yours are of better quality. But your price is still on the high side even if we take quality into consideration. How about meeting each other half way?
Well, I'll have to think about it and get back to you in about 30 minutes.
Take your time, please.

How is your English ability?
Not bad. I’m proficient in both written and spoken English.
Could you tell me something about your English education?
I studied English in junior and senior high school. And in college, I took English conversation lessons. They were given by foreign tutors.
Have you passed College English Test Band 4 or Band 6?
Band 6.
Great. Can you file in English?
I’m afraid I can’t, but I'd be glad to learn.
You would be using a lot of English in this job. Can you manage English conversation?
Yes, I think I can. I often talk to foreigners at English corner held twice a week at my college. They say my English is pretty good.
Excellent. How is your English ability in reading and writing?
I have been attending an evening course in English writing for 2 years and I often read novels, magazines and newspapers in English.
Oh, I see.

Can you read and write English and French?
No, I'm proficient in both written and spoken English, but I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Could you tell me something about your English education?
My mother is an English teacher in a college, so I began learning English when I could speak, and I took English as my minor subject at university.

Are there any special requirements on the project? And shall we talk around it in details?
Yes, there're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it. Besides, you see, in recent years, we've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness.
That's a good idea. We can improve our technology to meet your special need.
And please let white color dominate.
OK! I've noted it down. And any others?
Oh! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city.
I'll tell them.
Well, the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor.
Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise. And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery.
Thanks a lot. And I believe I'll have a good time working with you.
I think so. Bye!
Bye!

Even with volume sales our costs for the Exec User won't go down much.
Just what are you proposing?
We could take a cut on the price. But 25 % would reduce much our profit margin. We suggest a compromise 10 %.
That's a big change from 25 %! 10 % is beyond my negotiating limit. Any other ideas?
I don't think I can change it right now. Why don't we talk again tomorrow?
Sure. I have to talk to my office anyway. I hope we can find some common ground on this.
Robert, I have been instructed to reject the numbers you proposed, but we can try to come up with something else.
I hope so, Dana. My instructions are to negotiate hard on this deal, but I'm trying very hard to reach some middle ground.
I understand. We propose a structured deal. For the first six months, we get a discount of 20 % and the next six months we get 15 %.
Dana. I can't bring those numbers back to my office, they'll turn it down flat.
Then you'll have to think of something better, Robert.

What do you think of the project?
Very interesting. Thank you for bringing it to us.
Are you interested in making this investment?
We haven't decided yet, we will let you know if we do.

What exactly is the problem with the latest lot?
We are faced with the problem that part of the consignment is unacceptable. We assume that damage occurred during the consignment was in your care.
But we can't accept your damage claim.
Why not?
You didn't note the damage on the bill of lading.

Why not come over to work in my company?
I need to think it over.
Tell me what you need.
All right. I'm prepared to, if the pay is reasonable.

Would you like me to fill out the form?
I suppose so, but don't rush. I've got to tell you how to do it.
That's very kind of you.

Tell me, Mr. Han. What do you suggest if we establish long term business relations?
Surely it's a sound idea, Mr. Joey. But I have a few questions for you first.
I am all ears.
First, can I know something about your financial situations?
Sure. As for our financial situation, you can inquire about them in the national bank. They handle all our financial documents.
Thank you. And how is your business in the clothing business circle?
A very good question. It's very honorable for me to tell you that our business relations cover all over the world and they all have very good business reputation.
Then what do you deal with?
We deal with kid's clothing, women's clothing, and men's clothing. You name it we deal with it.
That's nice. They provided us with convenient choice.
As for the regular customers, we have some favorable terms for them.
I'd like to hear that.
For the substantial regular customers, we offer 5 % commissions.
That sounds attractive, all right, how about that we sign a one year contract?
Fabulous. I will get the contract ready shortly.

Good afternoon. Mr. Tylor's office?
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension.
I'm sorry, but could you please transfer this call to Mr. Tylor's office?
Sure, please hold on.
Thank you.
Now Mr. Tylor's on the line. Go ahead, please.
You are so kind, you helped me a lot.
You are welcome. Bye!

Have you find any job that you are interested in?
I’Ve only find a few openings in my field.
There’s not a very high demand for that kind of job, isn’t there?
Unfortunately not. If I can’t find anything in that field, then I could also work in the marketing field.
That’s a good idea. You have plenty of experience in marketing, don’t you?
Yes.
By the way, I saw a job in the paper this morning that you might be interested in.
Really? What is it?
It is a job at an advertisement company.
Do you think they'd hire me?
Anyway, it is worth trying.

China is now a member of world trade organization. As a member of TO, China will have to make some changes in its economic policies so that it can follow the routines practiced by other TO members. Is it fair to China, do you think?
It's a hard question, but I'm sure the reexamination of China's economic policies in the past may lead us to a right answer to the question. After the establishment of new China, our government employed numerous economics policies to stimulate the growth of China's economy. These policies, however, favored our domestic enterprises and protected them from international competition and these policies have contributed a lot to the rapid growth of both China economy and our domestic enterprises. After China's entry into TO, Chinese domestic enterprises will have to compete with their foreign counterparts. This new situation entails some changes of Chinese economic policies. These changes will spur Chinese enterprises to strengthen their competitiveness in the long run.
We can infer that the non-discrimination principle is one of the most important principles of TO agreement. This principle requires equal treatment of domestic and foreign enterprise. Does the principle also apply to domestic enterprise of different ownerships?
Yes, it does. Domestic enterprises of different ownerships enjoy equal rights for the non-discrimination principle grants equal rights to enterprises, regardless of their nationality and ownership. I have found that although changes of China's economic policies are numerous, these changes are largely based on the most important economic principle ot TO agreement-non-discrimination principle. Such an understanding of principle of the changes may help us not only to have a good insight into the changes but also to foresee the tendency of the new changes of China's economic policies.

Today, we have invited a special guest, Prof. Yang. He will give us some advice on the legal aspects of international business. Your international legal advice is important to our business well being. Please give us some counsels on such issues as which laws govern the contract, what recourse is available for default or breach of contract by our clients or what to do if a dispute arises.
The significance of understanding the nuance and distinctions of foreign customs and business practices are a continual challenge for global entrepreneurs and trader. Despite many countries accession to TO membership, trade and investment frictions are still predominant among existing membership. However, these frictions will be better managed under the TO trade rules and the organization's dispute settlement mechanism.
In spite of this, international business contracts and arrangement must be precise, specific and all-inclusive to lessen misunderstanding, misconceptions and disagreements to the minimum 。
Problem and disputes occur mainly due to difference in the laws of countries involved. For this very reason, it is imperative to establish from the outset which law governs when disputes arise. The most fundamental principle of all international contracts is the applicable laws and regulations. Make sure that the arbitration clause in your business contract be all-inclusive.
How can we protect our patents and trade market abroad?
Yes, it will be your utmost interest to protect your intellectual property such as your innovations, idea, designs and copyrights in your target country.
As you know, our main focus is to penetrate the markets of countries in Asia. What is the current legal framework in the countries?
The lack of regulatory transparency was a problem and still is to some extent. However, the countries are moving forward to deepen their reforms, new changes will involve the establisher of legal structures to sustain high levels of foreign as well a domestic private investments. This will surely strengthen the law and regulations in the countries, especially, areas related to trade issues.
Several years ago, the countries and China singed memorandums of understanding, pursuant to which the countries will improve their laws government intellectual property rights protection over the following two to three years.
Precisely, the actions the countries have committed to take are consistent with TO agreement.

What do you think of our price?
Your price has gone up sharply, hasn't it?
Yes, we regret we cannot maintain our original price. Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly.
I agree with you there, but you price is unreasonable.
I don't think so. You must compare our price with that it other export houses. I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level.
I don't think we will be able to pay the price. To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3 %.
I'm afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price.
Don't you agree with me that in the long run moderate prices we bring about large sales and more profit?
We've already cut down our price to cost level.
Is that all?
Yes this is the best we can do.
I'm sorry, we can't handle the price you offered.

Here is the draft contract, Mr. Brown. Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them. Then I will make out an original of the contract. After that, what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names.
That's OK.
The contract is to be written in Chinese and English. Both languages are equally effective.
Fine. If you'll excuse me, I'd like to go it over first. ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm, you've done a pretty good job. It's well prepared.
Thank you.
Well, I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time.
That's a good idea.
First, let's read Clause Two about packing. It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers. That'll save time and money, but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases. So, we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract.
Agreed.
For shipment, you know we are producing a complete set of equipment for you and it won't all be finished at one time. So would you allow us to make partial shipments.
I understand your position.

What do you feel your greatest achievement has been at your current job?
I think my greatest accomplishment has been acquiring the Hans account.
That certainly is quite an accomplishment.
Yes, it took a year and a lot of initiative to get that account.
What's your sales record been like there?
The last two years we have seen an increase in sales of about 30 % to 40 % each year, so I’m very pleased. And our sales projections are quite good for the next two years.
If things are going so well, why do you want to leave the firm now?
Hmm... I think I am ready for a new challenge. I've put a good team together at my present company, and I think If I want to take the next step in my career, it's time for me to move on.

How do you do, Mr. Johnson? I'm Thomas.
How do you do?
I'm coming for the job you've advertised in yesterday's newspaper.
OK. What's your working experience?
I have worked for IBM for three years.
How do your experiences benefit our company?
I know the marketing from top to bottom and I can develop a new market for you.
Are you aware of the aspects of this position and do you feel you are qualified?
Yes, I understand my qualification and your needs by researching your company.
If you enter this company, what section would you like to work in?
If possible, I'd like to be positioned in the International Trade Department.
Then, what starting salary do you expect?
I'd like to start at RIB 4,000 a month.

Mr. Anderson, the boss wants to see you.
I'm on my way.

How about 15 % the first six months and the second six months at 12 % with a guarantee of 3000 units?
That's a lot to sell with very low profit margins.
It's about the best we can do, Smith. We need to hammer something out today. If I go back empty-handed, I may be coming back to you soon to ask for a job.
OK. 17 % the first six months, 14 % for the second.
Good. Let's iron out the remaining details. When do you want to take delivery?
We'd like you to execute the first order by the 31 st.
Let me run through this again, the first shipment for 1500 units to be delivered in 27 days by the 31 st.
Right. We couldn't handle much larger shipments.
Fine. But I'd prefer the first shipment to be 1000 units, the next 2000. The 31 st is quite soon, I can't guarantee 1500.
I can agree to that. Well, if there's nothing else, I think we've settled everything.
Tom, this deal promises big returns for both sides. Let's hope it's the beginning of a long and prosperous relationship.

What's the price? I hope you'll quote us favorably.
It's 800 US dollars per kilo CIF five percent Hamburg.
Frankly speaking, the price you offer is too high. We can't accept it.
Why? This is a fair market price.
It certainly is.
Then what leads you to think that we have to reduce our price? Please tell me candidly.
I look at it this way, suppliers should be able to reduce their CIF price, even lower than their home price.
We give you quotations on the same basis as we quote in the domestic market.
That's the point. Your overhead is in your domestic price, but it can't be carried in the CIF price.
But even with the overhead out, the export overhead must be put in. Finally, it comes to the same thing. Anyway, this is a quality item and should be sold on its value.
I wish you could make a reconsideration. If you don't reduce your price, we won't purchase from you any more because there's plenty of other business offering here.

Are you Liu Yan?
That's right.
Have you brought your credentials?
Yes, here you are.
Let me have a look.
OK.
Your resume says you worked at DK Company for two years. What were you responsible for?
I was responsible for sales.
Have you received any honorable title personally?
Yes, I was twice singled out as an'Advanced Worker '.
Well, considering your qualifications, we believe you would be a suitable candidate.

Now please tell me something about your achievements in your work unit.
All right. In my first teaching position I received the'Excellent Teaching'award the past two years in succession.
Have you received any other honors?
Yes. I was chosen as one of'the Top Prominent Youths of Beijing '
Do you have anything published?
Yes. I have got two articles in English in The International Young Writer's Collection.

Your request for compensation makes me surprised. What happened?
It is because of the quality.
Could you tell me the particulars?
I told you that we want first-class goods. So the quality, specification and price are clarified in our contract. Do you remember those details?
Yes, I do.
The re-examination results indicate that one-third of the goods are not up to standard.
Really? We began to load the goods after we made sure they were qualified.
I told you the truth. According to the contract, if you fail to honor the contract, we are entitled to cancel it.

Professor wang can I ask a few questions?
Certainly.
What is the tariff?
It's a tax levy by the goveroverment on goods imported into that country.
Why does the government levy the tariff?
Tariff provides the government with extra tax revenue.
Anything else.
Tariff raises the price at which the goods are sold in the importing country and therefore makes them less competitive with locally produced goods.
Oh, I know. Thank you. Professor wang.
Do not mention it.

Could you copy this document for me?
It's my pleasure. How many copies would you want?
A hundred and fifty. No, wait, make that a hundred and sixty.
Yes, sir. Will there be anything else?
No, thank you. That will be all for now.
Your document will be ready in about ten minutes.

Professor Wang, what is non-tariff barrier?
Non-tariff barrier is another mean to restrict imports.
Can you give an example?
For example, some countries restrict imports by quantitative restriction.
Why?
This is used to protect local industries or to achieve certain political objectives.
Oh, Are there other means?
Technical barriers are set for imported goods.
This is designed to exclude them from domestic market, isn't it?
Yes, some countries may use some of the unnecessary health rules to exclude foreign food.

Miss Liu, please come in.
What can I do for you, sir?
Copy this report for me.
OK. But which size should I use?
You should use the A4 paper is all right.
I see. Should I have it bound?
It is unnecessary.
That is all right.

Why isn't the project done yet?
How should I know? It's not my responsibility.

This position demands a higher writing ability, so please say something about your writing ability.
Of course. I've loved writing since I was a very little boy. I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school. After attending Nanjing University, I never give up writing. My works, such as Father's Tobacco Pipe, Open Air Cinema, The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily, Yangzi Evening News, and New Beijing. During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor, I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers. The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation, The Discipline of Remold, The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform, Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration, Beijing Due Xuebao, Theory and Society and Chinese Reform. I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006. During this period, I've written a lot of comments, which improved my writing ability to a new level, I have full confidence in my writing ability, and I believe I can do the job well.

Where do you see yourself three years from now?
Working for your company! As the top administrative assistant in your firm!
Good answer, Miss Zhang-good answer! Seriously, though, are you interested in staying in a staff-level position, or would you hope to move into management someday?
Well, I haven't thought much about this. I think it's too early to tell. What is the most important for me now is to do the best possible job for the company and learn and develop my skills as much as possible. If the company is happy with my work, then, I think I would like to consider other positions in the company.
Fine. What kind of relationship do you think should exist between a boss and his or her employees?
Well, a working relationship. I think a company is a place to get work done. Certainly friendly, open relationships among all company employees is important. But I think an employee should be serious about his or her work responsibilities and have a working relationship with the boss.

Are you introverted or extroverted?
I wouldn't call myself introverted. Sometimes I enjoy being by myself very much. But other times I like sharing activities with others too.
What kind of personality do you think you have?
Well, I approach things very enthusiastically, I think, and I don’t like to leave something half-done. It makes me nervous. I can’t concentrate on something else until the first thing is finished.
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy?
For me, this would be having good relationships with my family members. My family has always been very close knit, and we still spend a lot of time together.
What basic principles do you apply to your life?
Working hard and being frugal are both virtues. I strive to practise these two virtues in my life.

What do you consider to be your strong points?
I think I’m tough not only physically but mentally.
Why do you say that?
I have been playing football since high school. At present, I’m a member of a community football club.
Really? Are you still playing?
Yes. I practice every weekend with my teammates.
I see. You must be tough.
I never get tired. I think this comes from practicing football.
What do you consider to be your weak points?
Frankly speaking, I’m a typical Chinese workaholic. I don’t mind working late at night. Due to that, I tend to leave the office late.
What kind of people are you reluctant to work with?
So far I haven’t met any particular kind. However, I may rule out those who prefer chatting to working.
Do you prefer to work alone or as part of a team?
It depends on the type of work. Usually I prefer to work alone, because I’m self-motivated. But I can work either way. If necessary, I don’t hesitate to join the team.

Are you an outgoing person, or more reserved?
I wouldn't call myself outgoing. I used to be very shy when I was little, and it seems that I get a little more relaxed a-round people year after year, and have more fun in groups.
Are you more of a follower or a leader?
I don't try to get in front of people and lead them, particularly. I'd rather cooperate with everybody else, and get the job done by working together.
What basic principles do you apply to your life?
Not to put off till tomorrow what you can do today. I've found out that time and money get away very easily — you think you have them, and they're gone! Putting things off just makes it worse later, so even if it's hard at the time, I try to get things done that day and not let them go.

Miss Liu, have we received the fax from MS Company yet?
Let me check - - oh, here it is. It just arrived a few minutes ago.
Excellent. I have been expecting it.
Is it important?
You bet it is. It's about the new contract.
Here it is, sir.

Can you tell me the differences between a letter and a memorandum, Miss Thong?
Certainly. A letter must be sent out of the company and must be mailed or posted. A memorandum is a communication within an organization.
Should we use the layout we use for a letter when we write a memorandum?
No, not necessary. Usually we have a set form which is printed. We just fill in the printed forms and send it to the person or the offices concerned in the company.
Of course, let me find one for you.

Mr. Smith, while you're out, the sales department called and asked you to lunch next Wednesday.
I'll put them in my schedule. Are there any other messages?
Oh, yes, Miss Chen informed that the monthly management meeting has been changed to July 11 and I've marked your diary accordingly.
Thanks a lot.
Here is the agenda for the meeting and that's all for the messages.

What did you usually do as a head nurse?
I allocate different patients with their consent to different nurses. And I supervise the primary nurses and help nurses carry out their work.
How to maintain a high standard of nursing?
To maintain a high standard of nursing, we should take experience and education into consideration while considering a nurse's level of expertise in caring for various patients.

Did you bring your certificate for nursing?
Yes, here is my Certificate of Nurse.
How about your nursing education?
I learnt nursing through theory and practice for 3 years at Hunan Nursing School.
Can you manage English conversation?
Yes, pretty well. I have started learning English since primary school.

Have you got any experience in advertising?
Yes, I have been working in the Public Relations Section of a company in the past two years. I plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers. Sometimes I have to do the work of a specialist when there’s something urgent.
Do you have any practical experience as a secretary?
Yes, sir. I acted as a secretary in an insurance company.
Would you tell me the essential qualities a secretary should maintain?
Well, to begin with, I would say she needs to be diligent, and the second point is that she has to do a lot of things on her own initiative. Finally, she can make notes in shorthand and types and has the skills in report writing, summary writing, keep minutes at meetings, and so on. Most important of all is that she seems to have a better memory than average.
Have you had any experience with computer?
Yes, I studied in a computer training program, and can process data through the computer.
That's fine. What about operating the fax and duplicator?
I can handle them without any trouble
What have you learned from jobs you have held?
Above all, I have learned that what is good for the company is good for me. So I follow the instructions strictly and always keep my boss informed.
Very good.

Your resume mentioned that you had been the surveyor, which was a concurrent job, of a certain market survey company. What was your main work content?
My main duties include designing survey sheets, transferring them to the dispatchers, making telephone covering on blurred information and processing the data and doing the primary analysis.
What had you gained mainly from this survey activity?
First, it was how to design survey sheets according to the subjects, because we had to prevent the questions from being too influential and we must make sure that every question was balanced and equitable. Secondly, it was how to get information through telephone covering in the fastest and most effectively way, because the person doing the survey usually doesn’t have the patience to wait for long feedback. So the way we put up questions must be clear and direct and only by this means can we get accurate data.

I see by your resume that you have just graduated from college. I assume you haven't had any working experience. Is that right?
That's right. I've only had some part-time jobs working in department stores.
Well, experience is not important in this job. We are looking for a man we can train to be a teller. By the way, do you like to work with figures?
Yes, I liked math in school.
We are more interested in finding someone who is alert and quick at figures. Do you like meeting the public?
Yes, I enjoy working with people.
We have very pleasant working conditions and I think we have a fine staff to work with. You would be assigned an experienced employee to help you. He would be responsible for training you. Have you studied English conversation?
Yes, I had an American tutor for two years. I had two lessons under her every week. Would I be using English every day is this job?
Yes, many of our customers are Americans, so you would be speaking English with most of them. Do you know anything about various kinds of savings and checking accounts?
No, I'm afraid I don't. I'd be glad to learn.
That's good answer. I appreciate your being frank.

How do you do? Nice to meet you, Diane.
How do you do, Jack. Nice to meet you.
Well, I think you'Ve reconsidered our proposal, Diane.
Yes, you are right. After all, the quality of your air conditioners is good. The only problem is price.
I should not be surprised, many customers have the same opinion. Do you have any suggestion in mind? Our salesman told your secretary that the price could be negotiable.
That's why I came to your office today. We think for your model WE - 506 $ 590 would be reasonable, because air conditioners of the same kind sold by other companies are usually about 579-649.
That's true. But if you understand that quality is the most important aspect of a product, you'll agree that 679 is not high, especially when we allow you a 10 % discount.
I see your point. That's to say s 611 each set. Still it's much higher than the market price. Could you see your way to reduce the price, Jack?
Well, considering the quantity of your order we could further reduce the price to 600. That's the best we can do. What do you think of that?
All right. We accept it. So $ 600 for each set.
Very well. Thank you.

Alan, I believe you have studied our catalogue and price list. Are you interested in some of our products?
Yes, I'm thinking of buying some T-shirts, but I find your price is on the high side.
I'm very surprised to hear you say that. I think our price is very favorable. You can hardly get such an attractive price from other suppliers.
I'm not so sure of that. I think it's difficult for me to push sales at such a price.
What's your proposal then?
I think to get the business done, you should at least reduce the price by 20 %.
We could take a cut on the price if your order is a large one, but a 20 % reduction is really more than we can do. What quantity are you going to order from us then?
As a trial order, I'll take 5,000 dozen this time.
5,000 dozen is by no means a large order. In that case, the best I can do is to give you a 5 % reduction.
That's really a big change from 20 %. I really can't accept that.
What's your counter-offer then?
To conclude the deal, I'd say a reduction of at least 15 % would help.
15 % is impossible. That'll leave us almost no profit.
If that's the case, I'll have to go somewhere else to meet my needs.
How about doing it this way? You increase your quantity to 8,000 dozen and I'll give you a l0 % reduction.
8000 would be too large a figure to be used for a trial.
Well, to encourage future business, I'm prepared to reduce the price by 10 %. We can't go any further.
Ok. Let's call it a deal.

We have made some adjustment on the prices, and this is renewed price list.
Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction, but still we find your price is on the high side.
This is our rock-bottom price and we can't make any further reduction.
If so, we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks.
Then, what's your countr-offer?
This is our counter-offer.
We are sincere to make business with you, but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great.
So are we, our counter-offer is in line with the world market.
How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business?
Agreed.

I had a look yesterday. I found some exhibits are fine in quality and beautiful in design. The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles. I have gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter. I have got some idea of your exports. I am interested in your silk blouses.
Our silks are known for their quality. They are one of our traditional exports. Silk blouses are brightly colored and beautifully designed. They are greatly favored overseas and are always in great demand.
Some of them are of the latest style. Now I have a feeling that we can do a lot of trade in this line. We wish to establish business relationship with you.
Your desire coincides with ours.
Concerning our financial position, credit standing and trade reputation, you may refer to our bank.or to our local chamber of commerce or inquiry agencies.
Thank you for your information. As you know, our corporation is a state-operated one. We always trade with foreign countries on the basis of equality and mutual benefit. I have no doubt that it will bring about benefit between us.
That sounds interesting! I'll send a fax. As soon as I receive the definite answer, I'll give you a special answer.
We will make an offer as soon as possible. I hope a lot of business will be put through between us.
So do I.
I hope everything will be smooth.
That is what I want to say.
I will give you the lowest price in the future.
Thank you!

Hello, Mr. Jones. We need to have a meeting to discuss our deal.
Shall I come to your office this afternoon?
That would be great! How about 2:30?

Thank you. I'm very glad to be here. As Ms. Tina said, the purpose of my presentation today is to familiarize you with the new EBB. As you probably know, EBB stands for Electronic Book Player. Our company put the original EBB on the market a year ago, but we have since all developed an improved model which we believe will be a big seller in both China and the U. S.
Ms. Yang, can you tell us in what ways the new EBB is better than the old model?
Certainly. First of all, the old model had a rather small screen, so not much information could appear at one time. So on the new model, we have made the screen much bigger and...
Excuse me, but what are the Mbps mainly used for?
Oh, there are many uses and I'll explain them in detail a little later. First, I'd like to...
Before you go on, Ms Yang, could you tell us if the original EBB sold well in the U. S.?
You were right, Mr. Tim. Your colleagues do want know all about it.

Good morning! My name is John White, import manager of the Garden Trading Company of New York.
Oh, how do you to Mr. White? My name is Li Ming, here is my card.
Nice to meet you Mr.Li. We have learned about that you specialize in the export business of electronic products. As you enjoy the highest reputation in the commercial circle, we'd be please to enter into business relations with your firm.
We share the same desire. Have you seen the display of our products in the exhibition hall downstairs?
Yes, I had a look just now, I feel we can do a lot of business in this line.
Sure, we can. You know, we are been in the line for more than twenty years, and I think our price are competitive comparing with those in the world market.
Our company enjoys a history of more than twenty years, we have wide connection with wholesalers and retailers all over the America, and we have good reputation in the commercial circle.
Thank you for your information, we can hold more talks later on business details.
Sure.

Lily, I am terribly sorry about this. But we have to put off or cancel tomorrow's meeting.
Cancelled? That's just can't happen!
Sorry to say, but nothing can be done. The equipment broke down and can't be fixed till Friday.
Oh, I hope it be fixed on Friday.

Linda, have you prepared fully for tomorrow's meeting?
Yes, Mr. Li. Everyone has been informed.
Great, we don't expect any big problems to happen.
I see.

Welcome to our company Mr white. My name is Yan Hua, the secretary of Mr Wang.
Nice to meet you!
Would you like to have a cup of tea or coffee?
Thank you. I'd like Chinese tea very much!
Glad you like it. By the way, is this your first time to China, Mr. White?
Yes, as a representative of IBM. I hope to conclude some business with you.
We also hope to expand our business with you.
This is our common desire.
I think you probably know China has adopted a flexible policy in her foreign trade.
Yes, I have read about it, but I would like to know more about it.
Right. Seeing is believing.
Sure.

Actually, I was wondering what we should do if either one of us would like to terminate the contract?
Well, as a rule, the contract will become void automatically, if both sides do not agree to renew it when time comes.
I got it, but nevertheless. what I was saying just now was that how to terminate the contract before its term's up?
Oh, I am sorry. I misunderstood. Well, in that case, the contract can be canceled with a 2 month's notice. What do you say?
That sounds perfect for us.

What experience do you have with office machinery?
I know how to use the telex machine, the photocopier, and the word processor. By the way, I took a computer course in university.
Where do you want to be in five years?
I want to be a manager.
Very good. Any questions?
Nothing. I think I'll take the job.

What do you think a job is?
Well, a way to make a living, of course, but beyond that I think a job is a way of developing oneself as a person.
Where do you see yourself three years from now?
I wouldn't like to hold a specific title. I just want to enjoy what I am doing.
That sounds reasonable.
It's the most important thing to me.
Fine. What kind of relationship do you think should exist between a boss and his or her employees?
I think a company is a place to get work done. Certainly friendly, open relationships among all company employees is important, and I think an employee should be serious about his or her work responsibilities and have a professional relationship with the boss.
You'll have a definite answer from us within a week. Goodbye.
Goodbye.

What do you want to do in this company after five years?
I want to be in a higher managerial position in the field of international marketing. I’m very interested in the European market hopefully, in Brussels.
Why do you think so?
It’s truly exciting to work in newly emerging unified market. Brussels will be center of the new market in the continent.
What are you looking for in your next job?
My experience in my last job showed that I have the talent to motivate people. It could be seen from the low absentee rate in my team. I want to continue that kind of contribution and to further develop this potential.
What is your career objective?
I want to apply my knowledge and experience to a challenging position and finally move on to management level.
What do you consider important when looking for a job?
I think the most important thing is the nature of the job. One should never do anything one is not interested in. To me, pleasant working conditions with co-operative staff are also important.

Please sit down.
Thank you.
From reading over your resume, I assume your English is quite good. Have you had any experience in the writing field?
No, I haven’t had any professional experience, but I have always been interested in creative writing.
Have you ever had a foreign instructor in English composition?
Yes, my college teacher was an Australian. She was also our adviser on our English language newspaper. I was the editor for two years.
That’s very interesting. Tell me what you did exactly.
Well, I planned the layout of the newspaper and then I assigned various articles and columns to other students to write. I wrote the editorial each time.
What is your aim in going into the field of journalism?
To be frank with you, I would like nothing better than to be an overseas reporter some day.
That can be a rough job, you know.
Yes, I know that. But I like adventure and excitement in my writing.
Well, working in an editorial office may not be exciting enough for you. What do you think?
I would be glad to do routine work sometimes, if I could be assured of making advancements in the future.
I think this type of position would be a very good start for you. I am quite sure we can work something out for you, but I cannot give you a definite answer today. We will let you know within just a few days.
Fine. Thank you very much.

What do you expect to be doing five years from now? What are your medium-term career goals?
I would like to be in a managerial role, ideally working do6ely with external clients. I have worked in client-facing roles for more than two years and I enjoy the challenge of keeping the customer satisfied. I think Ifs something I’m good at. Finally, I’d like to be on the right career path towards eventually becoming a senior manger within the company. I’m very aware that these are ambitious goals, however I fell through hard work and dedication they achievable.

Good morning! I am a rookie in our office.
Good morning! Welcome to our office!
Nice to meet you! My name is Peter Smith.
Nice to meet you too! I am George Williams.
This is my first day at work!
Well, hope you will enjoy your first day!
I am new to the work and I will appreciate your guidance!
I will try my best to assist you if you need any help.
Thank you. It is very kind of you.
You are welcome.

What are your career goals, Miss Li?
Let me see, I would like to work my way up to a senior management position with a company such as yours.
Great! It sounds like you might be a good fit. As you know, we’re one of the largest brokerage houses in the world. Our daily work is quite hectic, and we, re looking for an assistant who can keep us organized... help keep the engines running smoothly, so to speak. Our hours are long, but the overtime pay is good... sort of makes up for the long hours.
What would a typical day be like for me here?
Well, that’s the problem. We never seem to have'typical'days, but you'd spend about 30 % of your time on the computer. There would also be a lot of telephone time, setting up appointment, and taking care of a lot of support work.
Oh, yes, I do. My present job is similar in that respect, and I think I’m doing a good job.

What companies are stockholders in this company, do you know?
Yes, the main stockholder is International Business Machines Corporation, namely, IBM for short.
What section would you like to work in if you enter this company?
I wish to work in the planning department.
What type of work will you expect to do at first?
I expect to operate computers.
What are your plans for the future?
I wish to move up to higher positions with acquisition of more experience in the future.
How long does it take to get here from your home?
It's a twenty-minute bus ride.
How long do you think that we can depend on your working here?
I’ll work here as long as you expect me to.
You are single now, but what will you do when you get married?
I’Ve thought about that a lot. I know that many women take a job, planning to make a career of it, and then they change their mind. But I am hoping to make it my lifetime work. So if I get married, I will find some ways that I can continue my work.
Do you think you will want to continue working here even after you’Ve had a child?
I think so.
What ideas do you have if we employ you?
Ever since I was a young girl, I’Ve been clever with my hands. I’Ve always enjoyed doing detailed work. If I could use that ability to make your products a little better and to benefit the company, I would be happy.
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular.
If you are employed by us, how are you going to do your part of the work?
I'll first get further information about our goals, ways, counterparts and management, etc.. Then I’ll make my plan. And then I’ll go with all my effort to see it is realized.
If you fail to do your work well, what are you going to do?
I’ll report it honestly. I’ll give a correct analysis. I may quit the job - and pay compensation. But I have my way to judge whether I fail.
What do you think if you do not have much spare time on this job?
People are supposed to work hard within regular work time, especially when it is an important work that is highly paid for. I don’t mind work over spare time if it is paid for.
What are your expectations from working on this job?
Getting more experience with a widely-known company like yours. Using my speciality in marketing and management. And getting advancement in salary and position. Show my enterprise, confidence and character in passing.
If you were choosing a person for this job, what kind of individual would you select?
I would select the individual that has the most qualifications among all the applicants. He doesn’t have to be the person if we have to fill the vacancy. But he has to be the best, even if we have to pay him higher.
If we do not employ you, what are you going to do?
I will feel it is a pity. But I will not feel so bad. I will go for other interviews until I am employed satisfactorily. Hopefully before I find another position, you will call me back.

Mr. Smith just called me back.
So?
We got the contract!
All right!

Hi, I'm calling about the ad in the paper.
Which ad would that be?
For the job.
Good, which job is that? We advertised several openings.
Oh! It was for a market sale manager. Is that still available?
Yes, it is. But we'll be making a decision on it pretty soon. Why don't you come in and fill out an application?
What company is this for? I mean where's the opening?
We can discuss that when you come in and fill out the application.
Well, I'm already in this field and know most of the companies. Before I come in to fill out an application, I need to know who it's with so I know whether or not I'm willing to work with them.
I'm afraid I can't discuss that over the phone.
So you're a headhunter.
We're an Employment Agency.

How about your interview?
They turned me down.
Why? You are so excellent.
I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to.
What a shame! You should have showed yourself to them!
It doesn't matter. I'll try other companies.
I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet.
On the Internet? I've never heard of it.
It's very convenient and it has become popular recently.
Is that safe?
Of course, if you log on some standard websites.
Thank you for your advice. I'll have a try.

Paul, a company called me for an interview.
That's great! You need to prepare for it.
How?
Get your hair done at a good hair saloon. Tell them you are going for a job interview.
OK.
Buy a decent suit.
Is a white blouse OK?
Yeah, fine. And dressing shoes.
How about make up?
Not much make up.

I called about that ad we saw in the paper.
For the construction site manager?
That's the one.
What happened?
You were right. It was from a headhunter. She wouldn't tell me anything without a contract.
Well, no surprise there.
No! Not at all. But, I did find out they have more than one position with different clients, so at least one would probably work.
Great, so are you going to sign a contract with them?
I'm going there tomorrow.
Great. Good luck.

May I help you?
Yes, I'm looking for a job as a clerk typist in English.
I'm Mary Kelly. May I ask your name?
My name is B. How are you, Miss Kelly?
I'm glad to meet you, Mr. Zhuang. Sit down, please.
Thank you, Miss Kelly.
What are your qualifications for being a clerk typist?
I can type 120 words a minute and I take shorthand at 80 words a minute.
Would you be willing to take a typing and shorthand test?
Yes, I would.
( After testing ) Your typing and stenography are pretty good. Would you be interested in applying for the job?
Yes, I'd like to give it a try.
All right. You need to have an interview with our manager, Mr. McBride. Let's go to his office.

Is Betty Sue in her office?
I’m sorry. She’s in a meeting right now.
I see.
Can I give her a message for you?
Yes, please tell her I stopped by.
And your name, please?
Ted. Oh, and could you give her this document for me?
Certainly.

Do you have a free moment?
Sure. What do you need?
I'm having some trouble. How do you use this printer?
Well, first you have to turn this switch on.
Silly me.
Now press this button.
Oh, and it's out of paper. Do you have any more?
Just a second. I'll go get some.

Good morning, Kate. Long time no see.
Good morning, Vera, Nice to meet you.
Kate, I know you’Ve been a stewardess for more than one year. And I’ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow. Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview?
Of course. First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick.
Is there anything else I should pay attention to?
Yes, when you attend the interview, you should pay attention to your manner, style of conversation and expression. You should keep smiling always, being polite when you talk with the interviewer. Don't move from time to time when you sit there. And you also should know how to use eye contact.
Thank you, I've learned so much from you.
That’s all right. Hope you can do better tomorrow.

Come in, please.
Good morning, sir!
Good morning, please make yourself comfortable.
Thank you, sir.
Your name and examination number, please.
My name is Du Tao, number 3.
Pardon?
Du Tao. D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao.
Yes, Mr. Du, when were you born?
I was born on January 1st, 1988. I’m 20 years old now.
Where do you live?
I’m living at Room 222, Building 18, N. P. U.
Can you leave me your phone number?
Gladly, 8962105 2.

I'd like to start by talking about prices.
I'd be glad to answer any questions you may have.
Your products are very good, but the price you ask is much too high.
If you consider our high research costs and excellent quality, the price we are asking is only reasonable.
I know, but we want 1000 pieces. This is a very large order. So, can you give us a 25 percent discount?

We are looking for a bilingual secretary. Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English?
I think my English is fairly good. As you can see from my CV, I graduated from university with a B. A. degree in English. I studied the English language and English literature systematically.
How are your typing and shorthand skills?
I can type 80 words a minute, basically no mistake, and can take dictation in English at 120 words per minute.

How many kinds of secretaries work here?
There are 3 secretarial categories here. One is receptionist, one is junior secretary, and the other is senior secretary.
What sort of duties do you expect?
I would like to be able to work independently and take over some ordinary responsibilities such as answering routine correspondences, taking phone calls, and sometimes assisting you with personal business affairs.

I've been at this for two weeks now and nothing’s turned up.
You're right. I think it’s time to seek professional help.
What do you mean?
I know you don’t want to pay for a job, but I think it’s time we consulted a headhunter.
You’re right, I don’t want to pay, but I don’t want to live without pay, either.
Ha, ha, ha! I agree. That’s not much fun.
Do you have anyone in mind?
Actually I do.
Who?
Cooke & Co. does a lot of placements in your field.
Ya, they do. Anyone else come to mind?
Not at the moment, but I’ll let you know.

Well, your qualifications for the job are excellent. And is there anything you'd like to ask about the job?
Yes, I'd like to know if the company provides opportunities for further education.
Yes, our employees are allowed to take up 2 days a month to attend college courses.
That's very generous.
I've enjoyed the conversation with you. We'll call you within 5 working days.
Thank you. I appreciate the time you've given to me.

Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age. It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier.
Fully agree. I do enjoy the convenience though I am still a beginner in using Excel. The latest office equipment is more type-functional. It combines fax machine, copy machine and printer in one. It saves a lot of place, one machine instead of three.
Yes, this machine is even smaller than those before.
When will we get one of those?
You know our boss always trying to save the last penny. We have to use up the equipment first.

How can we get in touch with you?
Please call me or send e-mail. Could you please let me know when your organization can make a decision?
About one week.
I really appreciate your time and help. See you then.

What’s up?
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer, I can’t send out this e-mail. Do you have the number of the text port?
Yes,. Do you mind I have a look at your computer?
Of course not, I appreciate that.
Well, it has nothing to do with virus. The problem is your attachment is a bit larger. It has exceeded the e-mail capacity.
I see. What can I do now?
You can send a compressed one.

You would be using mainly English in this job. Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease?
Yes, I think I speak English quite fluently. I've often explained historical places in Xi'an to foreign tourists in English. They say my English is quite good.
How many years have you been learning English?
Oh, more than ten years. I started learning English when I was still in a primary school from a foreign teacher.
Well, perhaps that's the reason why you are so fluent in it.
Certainly.

What do you think of your personality?
I am quite alive and energetic. I am a curious person, and I like to learn new things.
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted?
I am quite outgoing, I think.
How do you get along with people whose characters are different from your own?
I try to adapt myself.

When can you start the job?
I'll go and quit my job in the ABC Company.
Can you start on Monday?
I'm afraid not, but can you make it Thursday afternoon?
That's all right. When you come, ask for Smith, OK?
Yes. See you then.

Hello, this is Lin Tao. I am calling to inquire about my interview result last week.
Hi, I am sorry to say that your experience doesn't fit the job at all.
Sorry to hear that, but could you inform me why I failed?
I have to say your education and experience are very outstanding, but it seems that you are not good at working in a team which we attach great importance to.

Did you hear something?
Oh, it is my cell phone ringing. I set it in the vibration mode.
It is a good habit to set your cell phone to vibrate. It is very annoying to hear the loud and sudden ring tone in quiet offices.
You are right. Some ring tone is just terribly loud. You can hear it even in the next door. It is really a kind of distraction.
Maybe we can write a report to the boss to see what can be done.
Good idea.

Hi, I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have. Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

I can’t make out anything, the words are too light. I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month.
It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax.
Ok, no problem. We do it ourselves.
Do you know how to do it? I am not so good at machine things. I will have somebody do it as soon as possible.
Check with somebody from the IT department. They are anyway in charge of the office electronic equipment.

I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate. May I ask why I was defeated?
We have thought of you carefully with discretion, but the other candidate has more experiences.
Experience is important, but don't you think capability is more valuable than that?
Yes, I think so. But how do you prove to me that you are more capable?
Maybe you can hire me on trial. If I'm not qualified for the job, you can let me go.
Good idea.

Look, the printer isn’t functioning well. I’Ve pushed the start button. It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log. What’s going on?
Let me check. It has a paper jam.
I didn’t pay attention to that. I will try to get the paper out.
Be careful, the cartridge can be very hot.

Hello, Mr. Hao. I am calling to tell you that you are not selected as our employee. Sorry.
Although I am a little shocked, I can deal with it pretty well. I didn't perform as well as I should have in the interview.
Maybe. But you should not withdraw forever just because you failed once.
OK, thank you, I'll try if there were other chances.

I am sorry to tell you that you failed in the job interview in our company.
It is tough to accept it, I mean. But can you tell me why?
It is hard to tell. Maybe it is because you're not resourceful enough to be a manager.
I get it, and thank you for your honesty.

I am calling to tell you that you are hired by our company.
I really appreciate your offer, but I have to decline it, because I have already taken another job which I prefer to work in.
You are welcome, Please call me if you change your mind.
I will. Thank you.

Hello, is that Miss Lan? This is Nina with Huawei Corp.
Yes, speaking.
I'd like to tell you that you could come to work with us.
Oh, I'm sorry, but I've just accepted another offer that I feel is more suitable to my needs.
I see.

I take care of the letters. I may read, sort out and organize incoming mails.
So you have to open all the envelopes.
Yes, except the personal mail. And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly.
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them?
Yes, and I check all the e-mails for Mr. Thomas.

Sit down, please. Mr. Tang, do you bring any paper or certificate with you?
Thank you. Here is a copy of the Tour Guide Certificate of mine.
Are you still working in Youth International Travel Agency?
Yes, but I am on holidays this week.
How many foreign languages can you speak?
I am bilingual, English and Russian.

Have you read the new rules about using cell phone at work?
Yes, not bad. Like turn your cell phone ringer off and find a private place to make calls which it’s showing your respect to your co-workers.
Well, but for this one, don’t bring your cell phone to meetings, I think it is not reasonable. What if there are some important calls?
Well, this one is not compulsory. It is just suggestion.
I didn’t pay attention to that.

What are in this folder?
They are reports of our company.
Are they filed alphabetically?
No, they are filed according to dates.
Can you find last month’s report for me, please?
No problem, here you are.

We are redecorating and I'm going to add some things.
Well, I'll be glad to help you out. We can deliver what you need to your office.
Shall we meet at 1:15 this Thursday? We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit.
Fine, I'll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday.

Have you had any publications?
Yes. I have published some articles in China Daily and Economist.
How about your communication skills?
As a journalist, I have strong communication skills. I am good at both discourse management and strategic competence.

What was your duty like in your previous job?
We have a team to make itineraries of the tour, evaluate the value of it for one tourist and recommend the routine for different tourists.
Can you name a few examples?
Yes. There are selected itineraries for rich and high-tasted people, common routine for people who are on trade observation tour, and excursion routine for people who have limited time for sightseeing.

Thank you for calling ABC company, may I help you?
I'm Lui, I'd like to Speak to Mr. Smiths.
Sorry, we have two Smiths, Robert Smith and Jim Smith, which one would you like to speak to?
I'd like to speak to Mr Robert Smith.
He is on the line.

What qualifications should a reporter have?
As a reporter, he must have acute insight and language skills. At the same time, he must have good judgment, the respect for his job and tactical cooperation with others.
Can you work under pressure? You know, people working here are all busy everyday since we're daily newspaper.
I think I've got used to work under pressure. I will adjust myself to the step of your newspaper quickly.

How do I make a good impression in the interview?
You should try to put your best foot forward, and be careful of your personal appearance. At least you should get yourself dressed up. Appearance isnt everything, but it's the first thing an interviewer notices about you.
Anything else?
Don’t boast and don’t be modest.
What do you mean by this? You can’t do the two things at the same time.
Appear confident and show the interviewers that you’re competent. Don’t exaggerate things or you'll give the impression that you’re talking big.
I see.
Try to be natural, alert and interested.
You’Ve given me very valuable advice and I have more confidence in myself now. Thank you very much.
My pleasure. Good luck to you.

Hi, Yang Tang. Come in! Pretty hot out there, isn't it? Did you have trouble finding us? Sit! Sit!
Hello, Mr. Jones, its...
Yang Tang, just call me Fred! Everyone does.
Ei, OK, er.. Fred. Thank you for seeing me today.
No problem. No problem at all. Say, it says here in your resume you studied in California. Great place, isn’t it? I studied in California myself. I really enjoyed it. What did you like most about California?
Well, I... I guess the weather. And the people. They were all very friendly to me.
Yeah, the people are quite relaxed... Those were some great times I spent there. Well, thanks for stopping by. Are you from King Dao, Yang Tang?
Yes, I am. I was born here, and still live with my parents in the same house.
Is that right? Wonderful, wonderful. I've been in King Dao for two years now. A great place. Nice people and great beer! Well, I guess we’d better get started.

May I help you?
Yes, I’m here for an interview as requested.
You are Miss Liu?
That’s right.
Please take a seat.
Thank you, madam.
We have received your letter and resume, and we thought we would like to ask you to come here for an interview.
It is a great pleasure for me to have this opportunity for interview.
Have you brought your credentials?
Yes, here they are. This is my ID card. This is my diploma. And this is my certificate for nurse qualifications.

What kind of personality do you think you have?
I'm easy to approach and friendly to everyone.
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted?
I'm quite outgoing, I think.
Are you more of a follower or a leader?
I don't agree with someone else's opinion if I think he's wrong, but when I understand his thinking and see he has some good ideas, then I'm very happy to go along with him.

How do you spend your free time?
I read or go swimming, go shopping, usually. I run or play tennis or do something else like those to get some exercises to keep fit.
Are you introverted or extroverted?
I wouldn't call myself extroverted. Sometimes, I enjoy being by myself very much. But other times, I like sharing activities with others too, especially during these last few years.
What kinds of sports do you like?
I like almost all sports, and I enjoy both playing and watching. I especially like tennis and mountain climbing.
What kind of personality do you think you have?
Well, I approach things very enthusiastically, I think, and I don't like to leave something half-done. It makes me nervous-I can't concentrate on something else until the first thing is finished.

Hello, Lucy, I heard you did a good deal in interview.
It's OK.
What did you do in the interview?
I observed the interviewer's manner, mien and gesture carefully besides paying attention to mine.
Are all these helpful for the interview?
Of course. The manner of shaking hands can show a man’s character. For example, the interviewer who shakes your hand lightly, is a easygoing man although he looks cool.
Anything else?
You can discover interviewer's eyes because they can show his thoughts, and can judge whether he is interested in your words by his gesture and mien.

May I come in?
Yes, please. I’m Mr. Peter, the Director of Personnel. What can I do for you?
Nice to meet you, Mr. Peter. I’m Wang Sian. I’Ve come for an interview as requested.
Oh, yes. How do you do, Miss Wang? Sit down, please.
Thank you.
What was your major in school?
I majored in Public Relations.
Have you done any work in this field?
Yes, after my graduation, I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year.
What section did you work in?
The export Business Section.
So you must be very familiar with export procedures.
Yes, very much.
That's good.

Do you have any special interests besides your job?
My chief interest is swimming and climbing with my friends.
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy?
I think that the most important thing is you can’t live all by himself. It takes a lot of people working and cooperating together. The more really close friends I have, the better.
There is a reason in what you say.

What do you think is the role teacher should play in the classroom?
Teachers are just directors who give scope to the students'initiative and creativeness, instead of taking their rights away from speaking.
What did you do to put it into practice?
I divided students into groups and asked them to generate their own ideas actively. It can help develop the problem-solving ability of the students.

Why do you want to be a teacher?
It's a job I've been dreaming of since I was very little. I firmly believe that teaching is one of the most honorable jobs in the world.
In what department do you wish to work if we hire you?
I want to work in the English Department, as I am an English major.

How come it is slow as a snail today?
You mean the network connection?
Yes, I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now. It took me almost one minute to open it. Then there is no response for any click.
I have the same question. I can’t send out mails. We’d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately.
Ok.

A : Look at this survey conducted by a website. A quarter of the employees will spend an average of 10 minutes everyday online doing personal things. Hi, Francis, what about you?
Well, I just spend 15 minutes as so checking my stock bonds and booking an air ticket for my mother. Anyway, I have done all my work and it is about the time to leave.
Though our company doesn’t have a return policy, limiting the personal use of internet, I don’t think the boss will like us to do that.
Certainly, work always comes first.
But it is lucky for us. The company computers don’t have software keeping tracks of websites we visit. I have shopped too often online these days.
Well, keep a low profile.

How are your Chinese and English?
I can confidently say that my Chinese and English are pretty good. I won prizes in many speech contests in both Chinese and English.
How would you consider your salary if you succeed in becoming a translator in our company?
I believe every company has its own salary criterion. And you will give me a satisfying salary according to my abilities and performances.

Why do you change your job and apply for a translator?
This job is more challenging and I have longed to be a translator. That’s why I came here for an interview.
What do you think are the capacities for a success as a translator?
I think one needs common knowledge, specific knowledge, and professional codes to be a successful translator.

Hi, Alan. I feel very nervous because I am going to have a job interview next Monday. Could you please give me some suggestions?
Sure. Firstly, it is very important for you to be punctual. Interviewers usually don’t think much of a candidate who comes 5 or 10 minutes late only to explain that he could not find the place or he was stuck in traffic.
Yeah, that is very important.
Secondly, you need to create a good image in a limited time.
I will try my best to make a good impression, but it is always easier said that done.
I think you should make some preparations. For example, you should take care to appear well-groomed and modestly dressed. What’s more, try to avoid a too causal style.
Can I wear T-shirt and jeans for the job interview?
You’d better not. Informal clothes like sports shirts, tom jeans or dirty sneakers convey the impression that you are not serious about the job, or that you may be casual about your work as you are about your clothes.
I've got it. I think I will wear a white shirt with a tie. Thank you for your suggestions.

Brian, a company called me for an interview.
That's great! You need to prepare for it.
How?
Get your hair done at a good hair saloon. Tell them you are going for a job interview.
Okay.
Buy an expensive suit.
How expensive?
The more expensive, the better.
I can’t afford too expensive, maybe $ 50 to $ 70?
That'll do it. The best way is to find the dressing color code of the company.
How?
If you know somebody at the company, ask them. If not, dark color will be fine.
Is a white blouse okay?
Yeah, fine. And dressing shoes.
Black?
Black is good.
White pantyhose?
No. Dark or skin colored.
Jewelry?
Necklace, ring, and earrings are all fine. But don’t wear too many pieces of jewelry.
How about make up?
Not much make up.
Perfume?
Yes, some. But be aware that different people may like different scents.

Do you have any sales experience?
Yes, I worked in a fashion shop as a part time salesgirl.
What kind of work are you doing now?
I'm working as an export sales staff member for a trade company.
Where are you working?
I work at Yangshi Trade Company Ltd. I have been working there since 1997.

May I help you?
Yes, I’Ve come in apply for the position as head of claim department.
I’m Smith, the manager of Human Resources Department. May I ask your name?
My name is Zhang Due.
Would you tell me what education background you have?
I graduated from Beijing College of Foreign Trade. My major was International Trade.
Do you have any experience in this field?
Yes, I have been working in Lush Insurance Company for four years.
OK. Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English?
Yes.
OK. I will accept you for a three months-period of probation. Is this satisfactory?
Yes.

Did you see the woman that just left my office?
Yes.
She's another applicant, and a leading contender, but I didn’t want to hire her. She’s qualified, but she doesn’t quite fit the profile. We’re looking for an accountant, and part of the job requires interacting with clients. Well, our clients want conservative people to handle their money. And green hair with ripped jeans doesn’t exactly fill them with trust.
But it's the style now.
I realize that, but our business is serving clients and giving them what they want.
Of course.
Well, they don’t want to deal with people who look like that. They want people who look more like yourself.
Why is that?
Well, they’re older, and they don’t understand today's fashions. When they see someone dressed like that, warning bells go off. They don’t like that style at all, and they don’t like dealing with people who dress like that at work.
Oh, I see.
We used to have a woman here who dressed like that and she was good, very good. But, the clients reacted very negatively when they saw her. Some asked that their account be given to someone who dressed more conservatively.
What happened to her?
Well, she was a very good employee and we wanted to keep her, so her supervisor called her in for a chat and laid it on the line for her. She got the idea and now she saves the trendy styles for evenings and weekends.
I see.

How about your grades of study?
I have been doing quite well. As reach 90 % and Bs reach 100 %. And I’Ve received Scholarship two times.
Besides your major, do you know some in other fields?
Yes. To develop my knowledge, I studied Economics, Business Administration and Accountingthrough self-study. Nowadays, I have passed three courses on CPA.
Have you ever been a student cadre?
Yes. I used to be the monitor of my class.
Did it affect you much?
It’s a very important experience for me. First, it improved my organizing ability, and let me understand how to resolve a problem in the overall perspective instead of my own perspective. Second, it let me know how to cooperate in harmony with people who I like or dislike.
In your spare time, do you have any part time jobs?
Yes, I used to work as an assistant lawyer for Tienda Law Office.

Hi, George. I'm going to have a job interview next week. Could you give me some advice?
Sure. First of all, it’s very important for you not to be late. Job interviewers usually don’t think very highly of a candidate who arrives ten minutes after the appointed time, only to explain that he could not find the place or that there was heavy traffic.
Yeah, that's very important.
So you’d better explore the place the day before and at the same time, look around to see what the employees are wearing. So the next day you will arrive early for the appointment.
I’ll try my best to make a good impression on the interviewer.
That’s right. You need to create a good image in a limited time, usually about 30 to 45 minutes.
It’s always easier to say something than to do it.
It’s not too difficult to make a good impression. For example, you should take care to appear well-groomed and modestly dressed. Avoid the extremes of a too elaborate or too casual style. This will put you on the same level as other applicants and make the interviewer consider more important qualifications.
But I love wearing T-shirts and jeans.
I advise you not to wear a too casual style when going to an interview. Informal clothes as well as torn jeans and dirty shoes convey the impression that you are not serious about the job, or that you may be casual about your work as you are about your clothes.
It’s a pity that I cannot afford more expensive clothes.
You misunderstood me. Clothes which are too colorful or too expensive suggest that you do not understand what behavior is appropriate for the job, or that you are snobbish or frivolous.
I know what you mean. I ought to wear right clothes at the right time.
You got it. Only in this way can you gain the respect of the interviewer and his confidence in your judgement.
It seems that'clothes make the man '.
It may not be true, but the first and lasting impression of you is determined by your clothes and behavior.

What are you typing there?
I'm working on my resume.
Really? Did you find any information about a new job?
Yeah, I just got some good information off the internet.
Great! Do you think you have a chance at getting the job?
I didn’t just find out about one job. There were several ones that looked good.
Maybe I should try looking on the web for work.
Sure you have to be patient. But I think it’s much less trouble to sit in front of a computer than to go door to door or to make a lot of phone calls.
But there must be so many people who also see the advertisement for that job on the net. You might have no chance.
How do you know if you don’t have a try?

What kind of jobs have you had?
I worked as a personnel manager in a state-owned company, and then I transferred to a joint venture as a sales manager. So I am familiar with the exile market in China.
How did your previous employers treat you?
They treated me very well. We cooperated harmoniously and respected each other.
What have you learned from the jobs you have had?
I have learned some skills about how to deal with clients and how to behave myself as a personnel manager.
When you worked in your previous company, which did you prefer, working with other people or by yourself?
I prefered working with other colleagues when I worked in my previous company. I think teamwork and cooperation are very important. No matter how competent he or she is in a company, he can't do without them.

Hello, Pratt. How was your interview yesterday?
Hello, Finn. I did a wonderful job and I was employed. How about you?
I am sorry to tell you that I have lost the opportunity.
Why? You are so excellent. I think you are the most suitable person for the job.
Yes, I know I am excellent, but I pay no attention to the etiquette you’Ve told me.
What? Then what did you do?
When I entered the room, I forgot to close the door. Later, I couldn’t help smoking, you know I am a heavy-smoker. What’s more, I forgot to polish my shoes. There is some dirt on it.
You are so careless. You know they are the basic rules you should follow before you attend an interview. Do remember not to smoke any more, otherwise, you can’t find a job.
Yes, I know. And next time I must make good preparations.
Good luck next time.
Thank you.

Are you here for the position advertised in China Daily?
Yes, I am. I'm very interested in that advertisement about hiring a computer program designer, and hope to know a little more about it.
What kind of information would you like?
Well, first I would like to know if this position is still available.
Yes, it's still open.
Terrific! Then how should I apply for?
Oh, we need your resume, health report, three photographs and several letters of recommendation. Would you please send them to us by next Wednesday?
Thank you very much. Bye-bye.

Miss Wang, how do you do? I’m Allan James, the director of human recourse department of this company.
How do you do, Mr. James? Thank you for asking me to come in.
Not at all. Please sit down, then we can begin.
Thank you.
As you know, Miss Wang, we are looking for an executive secretary with business background and good English skills. We looked into your resume and thought you might be a good candidate.
Thank you.
Today’s interview is for us to get to know a little about you. And the interview will last a little bit longer. So, if you’re comfortable, I want to ask you some questions.

Come in, young man.
( while shaking hands ) I am Zhang Wei, nice to meet you, sir.
I am Smith, the personnel director. Please have a seat, son.
Thank you. Have you received my resume?
Actually, I haven’t had time to look it over. Did you bring another copy with you?
Of course, here you are, sir.
Call me Mr. Smith.
Certainly, Mr. Smith.

Are you married?
Yes, I've just married.
How long have you been married?
I have been married for three years.
How many people are there in your family?
There are four people in my family.
Who are the members of your family?
My husband, my mother-in-law, my daughter and I.

Where do you live?
I live in Beijing.
What's your permanent address?
My permanent address is Apt. 401, 238 Zhongshan Road, Beijing.
Where is your birthplace?
My birthplace is Suzhou.
Where is your domicile?
My domicile is Beijing.
Give me your telephone number, please.
( My telephone number is ) 139xxxxx345.

I think if I’m going to find a job, I’ll look over the job board.
Well, there’s no doubt that lots of people have found employment in the help wanted section.
Right, so I picked up a copy of the Sunday Globe this morning.
Did you get a copy of the Herald too?
No, why should I? The Globe’s help wanted section is the best.
That’s true, but still the Herald lists some jobs the Globe doesn’t have.
Not enough to worry about. Why do I waste the money buying two papers?
It's only a couple of dollars more. For that much money you can afford to risk it.
I guess you’re right. I'll get a Herald as soon as I finish looking over the Globe.
Good idea.

Hello. May I help you?
Yes, please. I've been here for nearly two months, but I still haven’t found a job. Do you think you can find one for me?
Don’t worry, we’ll try to help you. Will you please fill out this form?
What’s this form for?
This is for registration. After you have given us your personal details, we'll match these against new jobs as they come in. And we’ll contact you when there is a job that suits you.
That's great. But how long do I have to wait?
Maybe several weeks, maybe several months. It's hard to tell.
Oh, dear. How can I wait for such a long time?
Actually, many jobs are filled by people who select vacancies from the display boards there.
Then, what do you think I should do?
My advice is to keep looking for jobs yourself. Check the job boards at the job center regularly and check the newspapers daily. If you have friends or relatives here, ask them for help, too.
I see. Thank you very much for your advice. Bye.
Keep in touch.

I called about that ad we saw in the paper.
For the bank manager?
That’s the one.
What happened?
You were right, it was from a headhunter. He wouldn't tell me anything without a signed contract.
Well, no surprise there.
No! Not at all. But I did find out they have more than one position with different clients, so at least one would probably work out.
Great, so are you going to sign a contract with them?
I’m going there tomorrow.
Great! Good luck.
And I think I'll look in on a few other Employment Agencies while I’m downtown, to see what they have.
Good idea. The more people you ask, the better your chances are.

The boss announces the pay raise today, right? How much do you think we'll get?
No idea. Your guess is as good as mine.
It better be more than last year.
Well, anything is better than nothing. Wait and see.

Did you call me, sir?
Yeah. If you are available now, let me describe your work duties, OK?
What am I expected to do?
As a newcomer, you are going to be responsible for some basic tasks first, including certain routine duties like answering the telephone and typing. Later, you will be assigned to the Sales Department.
I see. It must be a challenging job, but I would like to do it. And what about now?
For this is your first day in our company, you can begin with our special products. Before you do your job, it's necessary for you to be familiar with our own products. Sort these papers and file them correctly.
OK, I'll get to work on it at once.

Good morning, sir. Have a seat please.
I would like to know the state of the residential property market right now because I have an apartment to sell.
Sure, here is my business card. I'm James Wilson. Let me explain to you how things are. In recent months, the demand for residential properties has become extremely high. The price of residential properly has risen almost twenty percent.
Really? Since I have to go back to England within the next few months, I would like to sell my apartment as soon as possible.
Don't worry, sir. I think it's a seller's market right now. Let me get down some information about your apartment first. what is your property's address?
Flat C. 15 / F, Tong House, Tai Koo Shing.
What is the square footage of your property? How many bedrooms and living rooms?
Its gross area is approximately nine hundred square feet. There's one living room, one dining room, one master bedroom and two other bedrooms.
What is the orientation and view?
It faces south with a hillside view.
The market price for Tong House is around five thousand Hong Kong dollars per square foot, but it also depends on the internal layout and condition of the house.
I would like to ask for four point five million Hong Kong dollars.
May I have your name and contact number, Sir?
Johnson, and my contact number is 2876543 2. My office number is 2123456 7.
Thank you, Mr. Johnson. May I ask you one more question? When will your property become available?
In about one month.
Also, Mr. Johnson, I would like to remind you my company will charge a commission equivalent to one percent of the transaction price in the event of a successful selling of the property through our introduction.
No problem.
Thank you very much. I will introduce your property to our clients. When they want to see your property, I will give you a call.
Thank you.

I'm afraid we can't increase salary this year, money is just too tight.
I'm not sure. I can't agree, dan.
Why not?
Surely, there are other ways to save money.
What are you talking about, we've tried everything!

Good morning Mr Smith. My name is Susan and I am a reporter for the Evening Star.
Good morning. How can I help you?
I was hoping to talk to you today about your business.
Very well.
How long have you been the owner of your computer shop?
About five years.
And how many staff do you employ?
There is my wife who does the accounts and my brother who helps with the sales.
So this is a family business.
Yes, we are a small family business.
And how many computers do you sell each day?
That depends on the day. We sell from here and on the Internet. I would say about twenty to thirty per week.
That about one hundred a month.
That's correct.
Thank you B for your time.
Thank you and goodbye.

Good Morning Ann.
Good Morning Mr Jones.
How about a cup of coffee?
I will make it now.
And can you tell me what meetings I have this week?
I will bring the diary.
Okay, this afternoon you have a meeting with your accountant at 5 pm.
On Wednesday, you are going to London. Don't forget your train leaves at 9.30 am.
Okay, what time is my meeting in London?
At 11.30. And on Thursday Ms Von wants to talk to you.
Who is Ms Von?
She is our new project manager. She starts next week.

Good coming! Welcome to J P Interior Design.
Hi, I saw the sign outside says that you do all kinds of interior design.
Yes, we do. Do you have any specific needs?
Well, I am thinking about redesigning my kitchen.
Do you prefer some specific style?
Yes, I prefer a more contemporary design.
What kind of color tones do you like?
Blue, green or earth tone colors. I do not like the colors that are too bright.
I see. And what kind of feeling do you want to create for your kitchen?
I'd like it to look simple, neat and relaxing.
Fine, we will take an actual look at your kitchen before start working on it.
No problem. How about 10'o clock this Sunday morning?
Okay. Would you please leave your address and phone number?
Of course. This is my card. See you then.

Taylor, can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just fill out an application.
Do I have to send an E-mail?
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit.
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff.
Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website.
Can any unit see my information?
It's a two-way choice. And your application will be read.
Which websites offer this service?
Sina, 21st Century Talent Net, and a few others.
Thank you.

How do you want to advertise the opening?
I've had good responses from the Beijing Times, help-wanted ads.
All right. I suggest posting the ad Monday through Friday.
OK. Monday is the big day for job ads.
And job seekers will certainly check the paper over on Tuesday.
Let's post on the Internet, too. Will get a better response. I'll post the ads. I know some good sites.
Such concern for the company, Craig! I'm impressed.

Hi, Steven. You have finished a wonderful project recently.
Oh, yeah, A. Thank you for approving my job.
Don't be proud. You'll gain a lot in the following job.
Yeah, I believe it, but I want to know if you will give me a raise.
B, talking about salary is not smart. You are a new manager and you'd better learn more professional skills.
You are right, boss, but I need specific confirm to keep the future work better.
Okay, You are such a good talker.

Were you late for work this morning?
Yes, I was. I was almost an hour late.
What did you say to your boss?
I said I was terribly sorry. But he said it was quite all right.
Your boss was really nice.
No, he didn't scold me because he was late, too.

You look upset.What's wrong?
Nothing. It's just one of those days. Everyone at the office is sick and I'm getting blamed for work not being done.
Maybe you need a vacation or something, or maybe a bonus.
I'm sick of doing other people's job and getting blamed for not doing it right.
Why don't you talk to your boss about it? If you talk to him, he will surely understand.
I wish he could understand. You know what, if this goes on, I think I will get stick like everybody else.

Would you mail a letter for me? My hands are full.
Oh, I am sorry. I’m afraid I can’t do it now. I have to meet my supervisor in a few seconds. But I could mail it after that.
That’s fine. We’re going to drop in and see Jimmy tonight. Don’t forget it.
I won’t.
Thanks. See you.
Don’t mention it. See you.

Good morning. Miss Lee. My name is Alex Jones. I'm the new assistant in the office.
Welcome and nice to meet you. I heard you were coming today. Is today your first day here in the company?
Yes, I'm looking forward to meeting everybody and getting started on my new job.
First day is often exciting, isn't it? Here, let me show you to your desk. You can have this computer and telephone and share the copy machine with us in the office. How do you like it?
This is wonderful. Thank you for doing all this for me, Miss Lee.
You are welcome. And, please call me Betty.

I hear that you've got a chance to go to Europe for a half-year training program. Is it true?
Yes, I'm leaving on the 14th of next month.
Congratulations! How can you get such a good opportunity to be trained overseas?
Actually, it is a policy in my company. The human resources management department has connections overseas this year, so we can receive training there.
How nice! But will you have to pay for the training?
No. The company pays for everything. Doesn't this sound very attractive? This is why our company can always get the best employees!

Tony, could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job?
Working hours are from 8: 30 a. m. to 5:00 p. m. Be sure not to be late or absent. Report to the manager by filling in the'Monthly Report'every month.
Is there anything else? How about my salary?
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard. On the 20th day of every month, you can get your salary on time. Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record.
Wow, thank you for telling me these. Do you mind telling me something else, like attendance record, holiday, and how to ask for leave?
All new members are likely to ask the same questions. Haha. I can understand that. Every month you have three days off, besides the weekends and some important holidays. After you've been here for a year, you qualify for a one-week vacation. The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour, and more than a half-day should predict three days.
Okay, that's good. I get it.

Can you skillfully operate the computer?
Yes, I can. I have three years experience in operating computers.
What kind of software can you use?
I can skillfully use Dos, Windows.
Do you have any certificates on computer?
Yes, I have ACRE certificate, rank 2.
Any other certificates?
Yes, I have a Cambridge Business English Certificate and Lawyer’s Qualification Certificate.
Do you have any other special skills?
I like photography very much. I used to be awarded second prize in a photography contest at our university.

Now please tell me something about your achievements in your work unit.
All right. In my first teaching position I received the Excellent Teaching award the past two years in succession.
Have you received any other honors?
Yes. I was chosen as one of'the Top Ten Prominent Youths of Beijing'in 2002.
Do you have anything published?
Yes. I have got two articles in English in The International Youth Writer's Collection.

Were you in a leadership position when you were a college student?
Yes. I was president of the Student Council of our university.
Did you get any honors or awards at your university?
Yes. I was elected Excellent Party Member for four academic years.
Were you involved in any club activities at your university?
Yes. I was a member of the Student Poetry Society. I like writing poems in my spare time.
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college?
I sometimes played table tennis and sometimes played basketball.

As an experienced interviewer, could you tell me what kind of behavior the interviewer hates most?
Rudeness. You are not expected to sit down before being invited, and you shouldn’t throw yourself into the chair like you’re loading heavy baggage.
And we should have good sitting posture.
That’s right. The ideal posture for women is to put their legs together and lean to one side. This is especially important in summer.
Where should I put my overcoat and briefcase after entering the office?
Put it beside you. Don’t pile your purses, briefcase and other belongings on the employer’s desk. You've got long hair. Don’t touch it while talking to the interviewer. It gives people the feeling that you cannot concentrate on your work.
I think that’s the reason why Princess Diana’s hair style became so popular.
Also, if you are asked to sit beside the employer's desk, neither lean on it nor look at the documents there.
I ought to respect other people’s privacy, as most Westerners do.
As the saying goes, when in Rome, do as the Romans do.

I am an eloquent speaker in the classroom. But when I face a stranger outside, I get tongue-tied and nothing comes out.
You should pay close attention to your manner of speaking. Speech is a reflection of personality, you know. You should reflect confidence by speaking in a low voice, loud enough to be heard without being aggressive or overpowering.
I will go out of my way to catch the attention of the interviewer.
Your speech should not call attention to itself, but should reveal your individuality and ability.
I’m very shy. I think I might shake in my boots at the moment I meet the interviewer.
You’d better overcome your nervousness. it is considered an indication that you lack self-confidence.
Another problem is that I dare not look into their eyes whenever I meet strangers, especially foreigners.
In China, it is impolite to look into the senior speakers eyes while speaking. But in Western countries it is the opposite. Eye contact gives a strong feeling of sincerity. Looking downwards or sideways shows that you are either insincere or absent-minded.
Is there anything else that I should pay attention to in an interview?
Yes. Don’t eat onions or garlic before you come. If you do you’ll have bad breath.
I’ll remember to bring gum with me.
You should never chew gum or smoke during an interview, even if you are allowed to do so.
I remember now. Your advice is very helpful.

Can you drive?
Yes, I have a driving license.
Are you willing to drive yourself if the job requires?
Sure.
One more thing, if you are wanted in this position, you must prepare to travel aboard frequently.
That's fine with me.
Would you mind relocating?
As long as it isn't too far from this city, I don't mind.
It’s quite far away, though it's located in another part of the city. Are you planning to find a boarding house nearby?
I think I can commute that far without any trouble.
Good. Do you have any particular conditions that you want us to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular. Thank you.
Then you'll need to know it's a hard job. You'll often have to work overtime or even on weekends.
Yes, but I don't mind working hard.

I have a feeling you will get this job.
Thanks. But I'm not so sure. Interviews stress me out.
Just remember to be professional and polite. Oh, and don’t forget to smile.
I’ll do my best, but sometimes I have trouble being myself in stressful situations.
Have you updated your resume recently?
Yes... ah! I forgot to include my e-mail address.
You’d better double-and-triple check it. You don’t want to have any embarrassing typos on your resume. Otherwise, you might shoot yourself in the foot.
I’ll be sure and do that. I also need to pick out the right suit, shirt, and tie for this interview.
Definitely. Oh, do you have a reference letter?
Sort of. I prepared a list of all the people who can vouch for my experience and good work ethic.
I’m included on your list of references, right? My praise of you could really make a difference.
Sorry, you’re not on it. I don’t think using my brother as a reference would be very convincing!

Hello, Nancy, nice to see you.
Nice to see you, too. I heard you are a staff of Nokia company.
Yes, I’m satisfied with this job.
Congratulations. What did you do during the interview?
Pay more attention to the external expressions, because they are important for the first impression. Good manner and style of conversation can let other feel your good self-cultivation. Good gestures and mien can let other feel very comfortable.
How can I have the good external expressions?
Don’t worry about that. You just pay more attention to the details of people’s action in life, and you will know how to transfer information by their body language.

What is your long term career plan you set for yourself?
First of all, I hope to spend a few years working in some famous companies to command a skill, to set a solid foundation and to build my interpersonal network. When I feel I have accumulated enough experience, I hope to own an undertaking. Of course this is up to the situation then and the opportunities the companies offer me. In the long run, I hope to be an entrepreneur.

Are you Miss Thou Ping?
Yes. I am Thou Ping.
How do you spell you first name?
Ping. P-I-N-G.
Do you have an English name?
Yes, sir. It is Jane. It was given by my English professor when I was at the university.
What’s your pen name?
My pen name is'Dark Blue '.
How do you like your name?
I like it very much. My name has became part of me. I don’t want to change it.
What’s your present ( permanent ) address?
My present address is No. 21 South Zhongshan Road, Apt. 19, Shanghai. The post code is 220150.
You look very young. How old are you?
Actually, I’m thirty now.
Where were you born?
I was born in Xinjiang.
What is your nationality?
Han.

Name and examination number, please.
My name is Han Ran, number is 050920.
What part of the country do you come from?
I’m from Living, Yunnan Province.
Where is it?
It's a very beautiful place in Southwest China.
Do you have a big family at your hometown?
Not very big. There are five of us — grandmother, father, mother, sister and I.
Are you married?
No. I'm still single.

Employees in this company have to have a good command of English. Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English?
Yes, I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English.
Well, then, please tell me about your English education.
I have been studying English since junior high school. And I majored in English in college.
I see, do you speak any other languages?
Yes, I speak a little French and Japanese.

What's your name?
My name is Wang Lin. My English name is Linda.
A nice name, isn't it?
Yeah, like it very much. My name has become a part of me.
Where do you live?
I live in the Haitian District.
Oh, It's really far from here. May I ask how old you are?
Yes, I’m 38 years old.
You look very young.
Thanks.
Where is your birthplace?
My birthplace is Yentai.

When can you give me the final decision?
We'll notify you next Thursday at the latest. Shall I telephone you?
OK.
All right. Thank you for coming today.
Thank you for your interview with me.

When can I know whether I am accepted or not?
I think we'll send you a letter next week, if you are wanted, or we may give you a call. By the way, have you got a telephone?
Yes, my office phone number is 373... 36.
What's the best time to call you, then?
Between four and five in the afternoon.
Thank you for coming, Miss Yang.
The pleasure is mine. It's been nice talking with you. Goodbye.

Hello, this is Li Bo speaking.
Hi, I am Liu Ming. I am calling to tell you that I have got the job.
Oh, that is wonderful. Congratulations!
I really feel grateful to you for your reference. They have mentioned this in the job interview.
Don't mention it. I think that is because you have right qualifications and nice personality.
Thanks again. I will start on next Monday. I am sure I will have good performance.
I agree.

How about the working hours?
From 9 to 12 a. m., and 2 to 6 p. m.
Can I ask for a leave?
Of course, if necessary.
Are there any other jobs waiting for me in the future?
Seldom.
That's OK. How can my salary be improved?
Your quantity sold is beyond the required by more than 30 %.

Please come in and sit down. I’m happy to finally meet you.
Same here, Ms. Drake. I've been looking forward to this.
I’m sorry I kept you waiting.
No, no, no, not at all, you were right on time. I was early. I hope I didn’t rush you. I’m glad for the opportunity to interview with you.
Thank you. Can I get you some coffee or a cup of tea?
I’m fine, thank you.
Good, then let’s get to the interview.
Great, that’s why I’m here.

Now you're my boss, Mr. Henry.
Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration?
No, nothing in particular.
You may ask questions about us, if you have any.
All right. When can I start?

Would you like to travel?
Oh, yes. I often went on business trips in the past six years.
How many languages can you speak in addition to your mother tongue?
I speak English and French in addition to my mother tongue, Chinese.
That's fine. What salary do you get at your present position?
My present monthly salary is $ 1,500.
We'll start you off with a base salary of $ 20,000 a year, with bonuses that can add up to $ 40,000. A company car, and a company pension scheme. Is that acceptable to you?
I think so.
Excellent. Well, thank you very much, Mr. B, and you'll be hearing from us in the next few days, either way.
Thank you. Mr. A, and I certainly hope the answer will be favorable. Goodbye.

Are you willing to work abroad?
Why not? It's the very reason why I've applied for this job. It's really exciting for me to experience business in an international environment.
How about your family?
They don't mind.

My name is James Owen. I’m Manager of Sales. How do you do?
How do you do?
Thank you for coming. Did you have any trouble finding the office?
Oh, no. It was easy. Your office sent me a map.
I apologize for this mess. They’Ve got me handling so many projects, and it’s hard to keep things organized.
That’s OK. Thank you for seeing me.
Well. Miss Sun, as you know, we are looking for an executive secretary with good English skills and some business background. We looked over your resume and thought you might be a good candidate.
Thank you.
Today's interview is for us to get to know a little about you. If needed, there will be a more lengthy interview later. So, if you’re comfortable, let's begin.
OK.

If we employ you, what starting salary would you expect?
I'd like to start at 3000 yuan a month.
I think your background and experience are worth the compensation.
Does it include bonuses?
No, there are annual bonuses, one week paid vacation a year, and health insurance.
Very good.

Come in, young man.
( while shaking hands ) I am Zhang Wei, nice to meet you, sir.
I am Smith, the personnel director. Please have a seat, son.
Thank you. Have you received my resume?
Actually, I haven’t had time to look it over. Did you bring another copy with you?
Of course, here you are, sir.
Call me Mr. Smith.
Certainly, it would be my pleasure, Mr. Smith.

Please come in and sit down. I'm happy to finally meet you.
Same here. I've been looking forward to this.
I’m sorry I kept you waiting so long. I'm running a little late today.
No problem. That happens to all of us, it goes badly with the traffic.
Thank you. Can I offer you some refreshment?
Why not, thank you. A little tea would be nice.

May I know your full name?
My full name is Zhang Yong. Zhang is the surname or family name.
How do you spell your family name?
Zhang, Z, H, A, N, G.
What is your present address?
My present address is No. 415 Green Street. This is also my permanent address.
May I ask your telephone number?
My telephone number is 4837625.
Where are you from?
I'm from Guangdong.
May I ask the date of your birth?
My birthday is June 14th, 1985.

I heard you want to apply for the position as a foreign bank staff member, is it true?
Yes, it's true.
What about the foreign bank?
It's a branch of the Bank of America in Beijing.
What are the requirements?
The applicant must be alert and quick at figures, and like meeting the public.
Would you be using English every day in this job?
Yes. Because the customers are mostly Americans.
The pay must be good.
Yes, starting salary is 6,000 yuan a month plus bonuses.

Are you married?
Yes, I am.
How long have you been married?
I have been married for three years.
How many people are there in your family?
There are three people in my family.
Who are the members of your family?
My wife, my daughter and I.

Where do you see yourself three years from now?
Working for your company, as the top administrative assistant in your firm!
Good answer, B - good answer! Seriously, though, are you interested in staying in a staff-level position, or would you hope to move into management someday?
Well, I haven't thought much about this. I think it's too early to tell. What is most important for me now is to do the best possible job for the company and learn and develop my skills as much as possible.

What is your major?
My major is Business Administration, I am especially interested in Marketing.
Which university are you attending?
I attended Suzhou University.
Have you received any degrees?
Yes. I received my Bachelor degree in Business Administration.
What course did you like best?
Project Management. I was very interested in this course when I was a student. And I think it's very useful for my present work.
Do you feel that you have received a good general training?
Yes, I have studied in an English training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university. I am currently studying Finance at a training school.
English and computer skills are comparatively important to this post, especially in the starting period. Wharfs your ability in these two fields?
I passed college English Test Band - 4, with good skill in listening, speaking, reading and writing. I haven't got any certificate of computer skills, because I don’t think certificates are necessary if what's needed is merely operating a computer. I think, to know how to use a computer is more important. And I'm quite familiar with Microsoft Office

You look tired.
Yeah, I’Ve been working so much overtime lately.
Really? How come?
My boss gave me a big project. I had to have it finished it by this morning. It was so difficult!
You shouldn’t work so hard.
I know. But hard work pays off, you know.
What do you mean?
Maybe now I’ll get that promotion I was hoping for.

Where are you studying and what's your major?
I am studying at Beijing University. I major in Civil Law.
Why did you choose Beijing University?
Because Beijing University is the best university in China and I'm sure I am one of the best students.
What courses have you learned?
I have learned many courses, such as Civil Law, Economic Law, Commercial Law and Administration Law.
Which one is your favorite? Why?
Civil Law. Because it is broad and profound, and furthermore, it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality.
What was your minor subject?
Psychology.

What schools have you attended?
I finished Young Primary School in 1998, and entered Xi’an Middle School that same September. I graduated from there in July of 2004, and that September I entered Wuhan University, where I'm studying now.
How do you think the education you have received will contribute to your work in this company?
I think I have a good understanding of fundamentals in the areas your company deals with, and I can go on from here to build up the specific skills and knowledge I need to do my job well.
Your graduation thesis was on Medical Application of Laser, right? What were your conclusions?
Yes. I did some work on that, and I found out some really interesting things about the conductivity of liquid helium. I was sure I had a great discovery until my teacher told me the same discovery already made twenty years ago. I think the most important thing, I learnt though, was the importance of keeping good records.

Good morning! I am a new comer in our office.
Good morning! Welcome to our office!
Nice to meet you! My name is Grace Williams.
Nice to meet you too! I am Peter Smith.
Today is my first day at work!
Well, hope you will enjoy your first day! Just ask me if you need any help.
Thank you. It's very kind of you.
You are welcome.

Mr. Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening. Here's an invitation for you.
How nice of him. I'll be delighted to go. But what time would be convenient?
If you could be ready by, say 6:30 o'clock, I'll be at the hotel to pick you up.
That's great. It's most thoughtful of you to do this, Miss Rose.
It's my pleasure. Well, then. I'll say goodbye.
Goodbye and see you tonight. Miss Rose.

Today is Saturday, isn't it?
Yes, what's wrong?
What's the date today?
Today is September 28th, 2007.
I have a meeting this afternoon.
When will it begin?
It will begin at three o'cock. What's the time now?
It is half past one.
I have to go now. I don't want to be late.
Don't worry, time is enough.

I heard you were promoted to general manager of IBM's China Headquarters.
That's true. I got the news yesterday.
You did a good job for the company. You deserve it.
You're flattering me.
So. this is your first day in the new position. How do you feel?
Not bad. I'm confident. And I like challenges.
I believe you are cut out for this position. You're an outstanding individual.
Thank you.

Good morning, Mr Wang.
Good morning. What time is it now?
It's just nine o'clock.
I'm on time today
Yes, you're on time. Are you often late?
Yes, quite often.
You must leave home earlier today.
No, I left home at 6:30 as usual.
Why are you so early today?
Because the traffic is not crowded.

Hello, John, please invite all our clients to the conference next week.
How should I get their contact info.
Get the clients'contact info from my Rolodex.
Where should I put them up?
How about the Holiday Inn?
The clients like the Shangri-La Hotel more.
Well, the client is always right.
What else would I prepare, Sir?
Please print out the meeting agenda for me to look over.
Certainly.
And make sure to return my Rolodex to my desk when you are done with it.
Of course. I'm on it

Susan, can you tell me in a nutshell what the retail market is like in China?
Well, as per capital income goes up and up, the growth sector seems to be in the high-end.
Retail is going upscale here? China is certainly growing more quickly than I had imagined.
Yes. Things certainly have changed since I was a boy. We've developed very quickly.
Do you think the trend will continue?
I don't see why not. We do have some problems, but we are still willing to work hard and wages aren't too high at this point.
Everything I've seen so far is very impressive, very impressive indeed.

Jane, the meeting is scheduled from 1:00 this afternoon. Have you made the necessary arrangements?
Yes, Mr. Miller. We'll use the conference room on the third floor for the meeting.
That's right. The meeting is very important. Where shall the guests be received before the meeting begins?
In the dining room. It's spacious there.
We'll have several foreign guests to attend the meeting.
I've arranged for an interpreter to be present. But it is said these foreigners could speak English.
Really? I'll also try to speak slowly. How would you arrange the guests'seats, Jane?
We've prepared name cards to be put on the conference table for guests to sit by. What time would you like refreshments served, Mr. Miller?
Well, after my report, there will be an interval for rest and refreshments.
All right, I see.

Hello, Mr. Wang. I am glad to meet you here at the fair.
Like wise. Take a seat, please. How about a cup of tea?
Sure. Thank you. It seems your business is prosperous. There are many customers here.
Yes, it's not too bad. Our sales are going up year after year. And we still have a large potential production capacity.
Well, what do you think of choosing a commission representative or agent abroad to promote your sales?
That's a good idea. So far, we have several agents abroad.
We are willing to be your agent in Thailand for hand-held tools. What do you think?
That sounds good.
Then, what's your usual commission rate for your agents?
Usually, we give a commission of 4 % to our agents.
4 % is too low, I think. You see, we have a lot of work to do in sales promotion, such as advertising on radio or TV, printing booklets, leaflets, catalogues and so on. It all costs money, 4 % is not enough.
Don't worry. We'll allow you a higher commission rate if your sales score a substantial increase.
You mean to saya
It sounds OK. Then how do you pay the commission?
We may deduct the commission from the invoice value directly or remit it to you after payment.
All right. If it's okay, we would like to sign an agency agreement with you immediately.
Think it over. We hope to keep a good business relationship with you.
Thank you for your help.

That was a very interesting presentation, Ms. Wang. My colleagues and I are very impressed with your proposal.
Oh, no, surely. Your ideas were very interesting as well.
To show our appreciation for your hard work, we'd like to invite you to have dinner with us.
Oh, that would be lovely. Thank you.
Excellent. Have you had French food before?
Oh, yes. Marvelous!

So, now we have covered all the important points.
Yes, I think so.
Before we draft the contract, let's examine the details.
Ok, under this contract, we’ll supply you with 600 dozen T-shirts, S, M and L equally assorted, at USD 100 per dozen, CFR London. Shipment in July. Payment by irrevocable sight LC.
Perfect. But what I’m concerned about most is the time of delivery 。
You may rest assured that shipment will be effected within the time limits stipulated in the contract. But there is also one point I’d like to stress.
Yes?
Your LC must be opened at least onemonth before the time shipment, otherwise we won't be able to catch the ship.
No problem. I’ll have the covering LC opened as soon as I wetback. In addition, would you tell me by whom the commodity inspection is conducted before shipment?
The goods will be inspected by the China Import & Export Commodity Inspection Bureau. It will then issue certificate of quality and a certificate of weight. These will be taken as final and biding.
Please remember to use both English and Chinese versions and both versions should be equally valid.
Naturally. Each of us keeps one original and two copies.
Then I’ll come along three days later to put my signature on it.
Good.

What's your working day like?
I have a typical nine to five job. Actually, I work a little longer than nine to five most days.
Do you get paid overtime?
No, I don't. I get a bonus each month, depending on the value of the contracts I sign with clients.
Do you have any breaks?
We have an hour-long lunch break from twelve to one. We can take coffee breaks during the day. My boss doesn't mind, as long as we get our work done on time.
My boss gets annoyed if we take coffee breaks. I suppose your job involves a lot of paperwork, doesn't it?
There's some paperwork, but most of the time we put the information into our computers. Then we can send information to each other by email or across the network. Do you work in a cubicle?
Yes, I do. I don't like it very much.
I work in a cubicle too, but I don't mind it.

Can you tell me what the unit price of such carpet is?
Of course, here is the catalogue and the price list. You can have a look. We also have many other kinds of carpets.
The price seems acceptable for me. But I want to check whether you can supply the carpets now if we order some?
Of course we can. We can provide the quantity you ask for.
That's very good. Shall we sign a contract now?
No problem. Let's check the terms of contract.

Excuse me. My name is Richard Davis of Magic Office Supplies. I'm here to see Mr.Chen.
Yes. He's waiting for you in his office. This way, please.

I had a job interview this morning.
Really? How did it go?
Pretty well, I think.

I think these patterns are quite good. Can you give me a price indication of these?
Of course, it's my pleasure. We'll quote you the lowest price prevailing.
Thank you very much. If your price is suitable, then we can make further discussion of contract.
Here is our price list, our terms are cash within three months of date of delivery, if you can pay it within one month. we'll give you a discount of 10 %.
Very good. How many goods do you have?
Can you tell me how many goods you intend to order?
We want to order 900 dozen.
The most we can offer you at present is 600 dozen.

I've just visited your showroom. You surely get a lot of fancy bedsheets. I like them very much.
I'm glad you like them. They are all made of silk. Here on display are all the most popular and favorite products. What items are you particularly interested in?
20 is very colorful and feels nice. I'd like to start with it. Is it pure silk?
Yes. It is the latest product and is highly recommended because of its fine design and quality. You certainly have an eye for good things.
Thank you for saying that. But what's the unit price?
Here is the catalogue and the price list. You can take a look.
The price seems acceptable. Can you supply the bedsheets now if we order some?
No problem.
That's fine. Then let's sign a contract.

We can offer you a 5 % discount.
Your price is rather out of line, much higher than we expected. We can't buy with your offer.
Well, what do you suggest then? How about 8 %?
When we say your prices are much too high, we don't mean the are higher only by 2 or 3 percent. If we are to place an order with you. I think a discount of about 15 % would be sufficient.
What? You want to drive me bankrupt! You can't expect us to make such a large reduction.
There's no point in making a counter offer because the gap is too great.
How about lo %? This price is already a little tight, our profit margin is not that large.
Ok. I can settle for that.

We're considering of ordering 200 computers, but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer.
Our price will be not less than $ 5000.
Your price is higher than I expected. Could you give us a little discount?
This is already our best price.
But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order.
Well, what would you suggest?
Could you make it $ 4500?
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price. This is the best price we can quote.
Can we meet each other half way?
What do you mean?
Let's close the deal at $ 4800, OK?
You drive a hard bargain! OK, that's a deal.

We are interested in your pure silk, but I'm wondering about the price. How much will you possibly offer us?
It's $ 120 per yard including a 5 % discount.
That's much higher than I expected. Can you come down a bit?
But if you placed a larger order, we would increase the discount to 10 %.
Supposing we agreed to your price, what payment terms could you offer us?
Maybe we would consider a longer credit period.
That would be nice. Let's call it a deal.

We're thinking of ordering fifty refrigerators. But, there's one problem.
What's that? I thought our negotiation went very well.
The only problem is the price. It's not possible for us to make any sales at this price.
$ 1500 is almost the lowest price we can offer.
I'm afraid I can't agree with you there. Your price is much higher than other companies.
You get what you pay for, considering the high quality, our price is very reasonable.
I don't deny that the refrigerator is of top quality. If you could go a little lower, we'll place the order right away.
Sorry, I can't give you an immediate answer for this problem, let me talk to our general manager first.
All right, we'll wait for your answer.

Strange looking handle on that coffee mug, isn't it?
We submitted two designs to our buyers, this one and one with the mug indented to form a grip. They chose this one.
What's the advantage? Price, I suppose.
No, this type cleans better, no crevices between the body and handle joint.
What deliveries are you quoting nowadays on orders such as ours?
We can make shipment within one month from receipt of order.
You don't do much in porcelain tiles and ornaments, do you?
We do a fair amount in tiles and in insulators for electrical appliances. But kitchenware and tableware are our mainlines.
I see. Well, keep up the good work. See you later.

I'm ready to place an order with you, but only one condition that the goods are confined to Australia. Can you do that?
Well, I haven't made such arrangements with the factory yet. So I'd like to make sure if it is acceptable to the factory before making a commitment to you.
All right, but I'm busy. How long will it be before you can finish the talk?
I won't be too long, I suppose. Just let me ring them, will you?
Go ahead.
Thank you.

If I remember correctly, time of delivery is another point in which we differ.
That's right. Let's go into details of it.
Ok. I hope you can have these goods delivered before the end of September. We'd like them to be ready in time for our Christmas sales.
Christmas doesn't come until the end of the year, does it?
No. But in the United States, the Christmas season begins about a month before December 25.
Well, I'm afraid a little bit difficult for us to advanced the time of shipment. Our manufacturers are fully committed at the moment.
I hope you can try to get them to step up production.
They are already working three shifts a day to step up production as new orders keep pouring in.
If that's the case, there's nothing to be done about it.
I'm sorry.
What's your last word as to the delivery date then?
By the middle of October. This is the best we can do.
All right. I'll take your words at that.
Good. Let's call it a deal. And we'll do our best to advance the shipment, but your letter of credit should be opened early September.
I promise.

Hello! Is Mr. Green there?
Speaking. May I ask whom I am talking to?
This is Li with Silk Company. We met last Sunday during the exhibition.
Oh, yes. I remember your company.
Thank you for visiting our products. I remember that you are interested in our silk products and so, could I have a meeting with you this week to show you moreinformation about our products?
I'd like to, but I'm afraid that my schedule is full this week.
What about next week? Is it convenient for you?
Am. How about 10 a. m. on next Friday?
Any time you say is OK.
All right, expecting you.

Hi! May I help you?
Thank you! I am interested in your product. But I am not familiar with your corporation.
In fact, in the past we only attended local exhibitions.
No wonder.
Here is our brochure. It'll help you get acquainted with our products and company.
Thank you!

To get around your difficulty, Mr Smith. I'd suggest that you reduce your order by half. You can send in an additional order later.
Well, I'll consider the possibility. By the way, when do I have to open the L / C if I want the goods to be delivered in June.
A month before the time you want the goods to be delivered.
Could you possibly effect shipment more promptly?
Getting the goods ready, making out the documents and booking the shipping space, all this takes time you know. You cannot expect us to make delivery in less than a month.
Very well, Mr Zhang. I'll not reduce my order. I'll take the full quantity you offer. And I'll arrange for the L / C to be opened in your favor as soon as I get home.
When will that be?
Early next month. In the meantime, I should be very pleased if you would get everything ready. I hope that the goods can be dispatched promptly after you get my L / CB
You can rest assured of that.

Is there anything that you are interested in?
Yes. Is this your new product this year?
Yes. It's a prototype of our new product. It has got more advantages than the second did.
When is the product going to be on the market?
It will be released next month.
So soon? It seems to be in the early stages.
We have developed new technology about it. And the new product will be a pleasure to be hold.
Well, it's sounding good! I'm looking forward to that.

I think we have everything in the contract. Shall we sign it?
Wait a minute. I think we have missed an important point. We should include an arbitration clause in the contract.
I believe we can solve disputes through an amicable negotiation.
I hope so. too. But I still think the provision of arbitration is of great importance to both of us.
All right. I agree with you. But where do we hold arbitration?
I suggest the arbitration be held in a third country.
It sounds reasonable. The clause should be like this - any disputes arising from the execution of this contract shall be settled in a friendly way. If no settlement can be reached through consul - nation and conciliation, the disputes shall be submitted for arbitration by a mutually nominated arbitrator. The arbitrator's decision on the dispute is final and binding on the both parties.
Ok.

What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company.
Shall we leave it to the brokers?
Yes. They usually do it.
Do they charge for that?
Of course. In Europe, they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service.
Is it the same in America?
They do the work without charge to the importer.
It's part of their service, isn't it?
Exactly.
Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading?
No, you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment.
I see. By the way, how do we prove the ownership of our goods?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice.
I see. Thank you.
You are welcome.

Thomas, could you do me a favor?
What's up?
Could you pick up Mrs. David from Ford Company at the Capital Airport?
Why don't you go?
I'm supposed to do it, but the general manager called me last night. He said he couldn’t come back to Beijing as scheduled, so he asked me to attend the meeting for him.
I see. I'll do it for you.
Thanks a lot. It’s very kind of you.

What certificates of technical qualification have you got?
I have got a computer engineer's qualification certificate.
Have you worked in a computer company before?
Oh, yes, I have. I worked part-time as a typewriter in a computer company when I was at college.
Do you have any ideas on this work?
In my opinion, it has a broad prospect and it needs smart mind.
Good!

Excuse me, is this personnel division?
Yes. What can I do for you?
I came about your advertisement for a senior production planner.
What’s your name?
My name is Li Jean.
You have been in Peking University, hadn't you?
Yes, seven years.
What degree do you have now? :
Master of Marketing Management.
Do you have any experience in this field?
Yes. I worked at AB Company.
Why are you interested in the position?
Because you need a senior production planner who is good at mathematics and fluent in English. I think I am fit for the position.
All right. If we decide to hire you, we'd pay you 5,000 yuan a month at the start. How do you think about it?
That's very good.

Why do you want to be a tour guide?
I like to travel and I also like meeting various kinds of people.
What courses have you completed at college?
I have studied English, tourist culture, guiding methods and techniques and so on.
Have you learned any other foreign languages?
Yes, I have learned Japanese as well.
Do you know that is a hard job?
Yes, I know. But I don't mind working hard.
Is there anything you want to ask about?
No. I only wish that you could give me a definite answer to my application as soon as possible.

You are still a student?
Yes, but I will graduate from the Shanghai Finance and Trade school next month.
Are you sure you can be a successful cashier?
I'm sure. You know my major is statistics and I get excellent records in all of the courses I have taken.
That's only for your theory foundation. I am afraid if you have ever handled large amounts of cash before?
Yes, my father runs a business so I have opportunity to work in the finance department every holiday.
Good. I think you'll make a good cashier.
Thank you.

Hi, I am so glad to see you.
Are you kidding me? Why do you say so?
You know, I'm about to graduate and I have to look for a job as soon as possible. But I haven’t the faintest idea of how to go about finding a job.
OK. Let me see where to start.
I guess first I should prepare a resume, right?
Sure. You should include your name, address and phone number in your resume.
Then what else should I put into my resume?
Your job objectives, of course. In other words, what kind of job are you searching for?
I got it. Then I should mention my educating background and working experience, should I?
Yes. And don't forget to list them by date. Besides, you should begin with the most recent and then move backward.
I see. Is that all there is to it?
No, it's also necessary to list a few related interests that are in some way connected to the jobs you want to take.
Oh, good point. You mean here I should show off my special skills and talents to impress the boss.
You said it. At last you’d better attach a list of references to your resume.
That's easy.
And one more thing, smile widely.

What do you think about our company?
You are the leading company in the computer industry.
Why do you think so?
First, your overwhelming share in the world market. Second, your superiority in sales and profits in addition to the amount of capital and the number of employees. Third, the diversity in your production line is second to none.
In what business are you most interested in this organization?
In particular, I'm interested in marketing in the domestic field.

Have you had any experience with sales work?
Yes, I have. In fact, I had worked for a foreign trade company for nearly two years, where I established business ties with several firms.
What exactly did you do at that company?
Visit customers, dispatch consignments and things like that.
Did you like your work?
Yes, I did.
But when and why did you leave the company?
I left it two months ago. I didn't think I could learn much there, and there were not many opportunities for self-development.
I see. Why did you choose our company?
I've been informed that there are many opportunities to develop myself in your company. Besides, I grew up in a city in the Northeast. I have lots of acquaintances in the region, which might help to push sales.

Where did you study accounting?
I studied at Anshan University.
Did you intern anywhere?
Yes, I interned with an accounting firm during tax season.
That must have been stressful.
Yes, but I learned a lot.
I'll bet.
I learned about different tax laws and how they work.

What does Human Resources Department do?
Hiring, firing, training, insurances, benefits, retirement plans, salary, vacation.
They take care of a lot of things.
But most of time, they provide assistances.
What do you mean?
Say if the Engineering Department wants to hire a person, they will request HR to find candidates.
Yes?
The Engineering Manager and his team will interview the candidates. HR will also be involved with the interview, but basically arranging the schedule and explaining the benefits.
OK.
Then the Engineering Manager will choose the candidate.
I see.

Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web?
Generally speaking, job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements.
How should I contact them?
You can e-mail your application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in their database.
Can I get a quick reply from the sites?
Yes, usually it takes a short time, but you have to await the choice of the units for a while.

Hey Ted, I saw this ad in the paper. You should take a look.
What is it?
It’s for a job. It looks perfect for you.
Let’s see...'Wanted, manager for up-and-coming firm. Must have good organizational skills. Experience a plus. Please contact Betty Sue.'Oh, I don’t know...
Come on, what have you got to lose?
What about my resume?
Here, I'll help you type one up.
Thanks, Mary. You’re a real pal. I'll call now to set up an interview.

Well, I’Ve looked over your resume, Mr. Peepers.
Please, call me Ted.
Well, Ted, this is a very impressive resume. However, we do have several other applicants to finish interviewing before we can make a final decision. We’ll call you by Friday, if that’s all right.
That’s no problem.
Do you have any other questions?
Well, what kind of salary do you provide?
Salary is based on experience as well as time spent with our company.
I see.
Salary can be negotiated once we officially offer you the job.
Sounds fine.

Mr. Dick. Does the recommendation of the university play an important role?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation. In the long period of cooperation, the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations, they trust each other well. If your university recommends you, you can be approved more easily.
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same. So I doubt its authority.
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy. If your university also does like this, you can look for other methods, because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you.
Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it?
It depends. If it has something special or useful, I suggest you send it out.

Anything else?
Yes, one last thing. How much holiday time do you give your employees every year?
Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year. If you don’t use the full fifteen days, they carry over to the following year.
How about sick days?
You get five paid sick days.
Any other benefits?
Yes, we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well.
Great. Thanks so much for your time.
We’ll contact you soon, Ted. Thanks for coming in.

Can you put me through to Mr. Lining?
Yes, speaking. Can I help you?
I am calling to let you know that you are selected to fill the position of Project Manager.
I am happy to hear that and I'll accept that.
By the way, are you married?
No, I am single.

Were you engaged in any activities at college?
No, I had no interest in the activities in college and I spent most of my spare time reading in the library.
What kind of activity would make you get involved?
None, I guess. My only passion is on reading.

Have you got any certificate of technical qualification?
Yes, I have obtained an accountant's qualification and a driver's license.
How long did it take you to get your driver's license?
I spent a year to get my license.

That's all the general information of our company. I think you already have good knowledge about our company.
Yes, I have an overall understanding.
When we have the final results, we will call you.
Then when will I get a reply at the latest?
If you pass the interview, the personnel department will inform you within two weeks.
But if I don't pass, will you call me?
I'm sorry we won't. You can wait for two weeks. If you don't get a telephone call, it means that you weren't successful.
Then do I have the chance to get this job?
I'm sorry but I can't make the final decision myself, and I have to discuss it with other interviewers.
I know. No matter what the result will be, I have learned a lot from our conversation.
Your mentality is very good and that's great.
Thanks for giving me the opportunity of this interview.
My pleasure.

What is the great trait in your personality?
I suppose my strong point is that I like developing new things and ideas.
So you may like inventive jobs.
Yes, I like inventive jobs and I am capable and responsible.

Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules.
Well, all right. There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents, information and other things.
What are they?
They are, keep the documents in chronological order, remove all the chips and pins, punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder.
And what is the most important point?
You should always remember that one customer on file is the rule.

What are your plans for the future if you are hired?
I'll do my utmost if I am hired.
Do you have any short-term goals?
No, that thought doesn't cross my mind.

Are you a goal-oriented person?
Yes, I am. That's why I make plans before I do anything.
How do you plan to do your present job?
I want to make more contact with extra clients and use my organizational skills in the future.

Excuse me, could you please show me the way to the human resource department?
Yes, but have you made an appointment ahead?
Yes, of course. I am Monica. I have made an appointment with your HR manager.
Just a minute please. I’ll make a call to the HR office.
Yes, they confirm your appointment. Please come in. It is on the 3rd floor, room 3106. You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today.
Thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

Hello, this is Lucy from ABC Company. Is this Monica?
Yes, it is.
I am calling to inform you that we have arranged an interview for this accountant position at 2 PM this Thursday afternoon. Please come on time.
Ok, thank you. By the way, could you please tell me how I can get there from A community?
Oh, you can take the subway, get off at B stop and walk north for several minutes. You will find a building. It will take about 40 minutes in total.
I got it. Thank you so much.
You’re welcome.

Decent dressing and appearance, which contribute to a good first impression of the interviewer, are surely quite important.
Of course. Generally speaking, dressing should be tidy and neat, and match well with your identity, age, and experience.
Whatever you wear, it should perfectly reflect your confidence and vitality
Professional suits may be the best choice.
Gentlemen should wear western-style suits in the interview, which will help you look handsome.
Ladies should wear professional suits, either classical style or free style. It would be appropriate to wear a little or no make-up.
But those fashionable and shiny clothes should be avoided.
Name brand is not necessary. Anything decent will be fine.
You should present the best of yourself in order to achieve success in the interview.
Only when you dressing keep in accordance with that of other people around can you feel harmonious and relaxed.
In a word, dressing and appearance are indeed important, but it should never be all.
In other words, too much emphasis on it is undoubtedly to neglect the essentials.

Well, to come straight to the point, could you tell us something about your new price?
Most willingly. It's 600 dollars per ton.
That's a high price.
But you know, the price of this article has soared up since last year.
I know. But I must say it's still unacceptable. Couldn't you make a discount for me? You see, we have such a long-term cooperation. And our business could be mutually beneficial.
OK. I can make a special offer for you. This price is based on careful calculations. And it is the lowest price we can offer to you.

Did you have any publications?
Yes, I wrote a thesis entitled English Education in High School and it was published in the Education Magazine.
Have you received any honors?
Yes, I was chosen as a Three Goods student many times in college.

Brandy, I am supposed to participate in an interview tomorrow.
That's great. You need to prepare for it.
How?
Buy an expensive suit.
Is a white shirt OK?
Yeah, fine. And dressing leather shoes.

Excuse me. What should I wear if I want to go to an interview?
You should wear a tie to go with your suit.
I am afraid I would tense up during the interview.
It doesn't matter. Just do your best to sell yourself.

DM210 is equivalent to 400 RIB.
Don't you wish to employ RIB of ours? US Dollars might be adopted.
Are you afraid of losing money due to exchange rate fluctuations?
I will give you a definite answer on the price terms two days later.

Peter, I hope you will accept my quotation for the air freshener.
I wish I could place a monthly order for a minimum of 50 cases, introducing your goods to my customers, but your price, $ 100 for a case, is too high in this highly competitive market.
I have cut the price the minimum. You know our freshener is a patent product, different from other kinds of fresheners. We could not have quitted it at such a low price if it were not for your past large orders. This price, actually, leaves us with a very small profit.
People here desire medium-priced air freshener only. Please carefully consider my proposal, which will lead to a larger business between us.
The low price I'm offering you is as low as I can go.
Then, I am sorry to say I must regretfully decline your offer and seek quotations for the other suppliers.
I'm sorry, Peter. I hope you'll continue to approach us on other occasions if you cannot accept our offer now.
Yes. I'll welcome other opportunities to do business with you.

Can I help you, sir?
Yes. I want to rent a formal suit for an interview. Can you give me some advice?
Yes. You should rent a brown suit and a black shirt.
May I try this on?
Yes. Let me help you.

Hey, Michael. Remember me? I'm Becky. We used to work at Lemans together.
Oh, sure. How are you? Long time no see. How are things at Lemans?
It's about the same. I've been thinking of making a change myself. Do you mind if I ask you a few things about your job at the university?
No, not at all. Go ahead.
Well, I was wondering what the salaries are like? I mean... are they much lower than the corporate world?
Well, I can't speak for all universities, but my salary is a definitely lower than at Lemans. I just don't think the salaries are comparable when you leave a major corporation.
Yeah, that's what I thought. But, I've heard that the perks are better. I was wondering if that was really true.
I'd have to say yes and no on that. I don't get a big end-of-the-year bonus like I did at Lemans but I get to take classes for free if I want to. I've always wanted to get a graduate degree so I'm taking classes now to do that.
Oh, that's great. It sounds like you're really happy with your move.
Yeah, I guess I am. Working at a university is really suits me.

I want to rent a formal suit here.Do you have a purple dress here?
Yes. What size are you?
I am a size 6.
Try this on please.
This is just my size. How much is the rent
The rent is 400 yuan a day.

I'm sorry, but I don't think this damage is our fault.
What do you mean?
It looks like the shipping company did this.
We'd better take it up with them, in that case.

We're sorry, but we cannot allow your claim.
Why not?
The material was not damaged by us.
We'll have to talk this over some more.

Just whose fault is this damage?
The order was in good shape when it left out factory.
It certainly didn't arrive here that way.
We'll make it right with you, of course.
How about taking the damaged portion at a lower price?
What kind of price did you want?
I was thinking of 30 % off.
That will probably be Ok.

Could I ask some questions regarding to the social benefits?
Go ahead, please.
How long is my paid vacation every year?
You'll have 10 days paid vacation every year.
What about the insurance and housing policies?
We will provide you with life insurance, health insurance, accident insurance, housing benefits, heating allowance and transportation allowance.
How often is the bonus?
You’ll be paid a bonus at the end of every year.
Do I have training opportunities?
We provide our employees with training opportunities at home and abroad.
Well, I don’t have any other questions so far. I would like to think for a couple of days before I give you my final answer.
Sure. I will ask Lucy to call you in two days.
Ok, thank you for your time and patience.
You’re welcome.

Why do you choose our company to apply for a job?
I wish to have a job in which I can make good use of my strengths and have further improvement. And your company meets all my requirements.
Have you got a clear idea about our company?
Yes, I have purposefully done some homework in advance.
Have you tried other companies?
Actually, I have applied to several companies recently. But I am most satisfied with your company.
Will you take a job which is not in line with your major?
Admittedly, I hope it is a job in line with my specialty. But I will make the best effort to do the job whatever is assigned to me.
How long would you work here if you were admitted?
I would continue to work in the company as long as the job suits me well.
Do you expect a high salary?
In my mind, salary is not the most important thing.

Mary, this company is pretty good. I really want to have an interview.
Have you made an appointment with this company?
Not yet. Do I have to?
Yes, it's very important to make an appointment before the interview.
Why?
If you go to the company without appointment, the interviewers may happen to be busy with other things, and have no time to give you an interview.
Yes, you are right.
If the interviewers are not in the company, you will go there for nothing.
Sure. Why didn't I think of that?
So you should make an appointment in advance with the company for the interview.
Then how can I make the appointment?
You could directly call the company and arrange the time and place for the interview.
Ok, I see.
If you succeed in doing that, you must attend the interview on time.

What should you do if you find out a man may has an illegal departure in exit control point?
We can inform the department in charge and ask for revocation of passport.
What else do you need to keep him in temporary custody?
We need a detention warrant.

Hello, is that Susan who applied for an accountant in our company through the phone?
Yes, speaking. Can I help you?
I am the HR manager of the ABC Company. You are on the list of interviewees. Would you please come over to have an interview?
Sure, I'd love to. Thank you.

Hi, this is Tom Port. May I speak to Mr. Smith?
Mr. Smith is not in his office. I am afraid he will not be back before 3 pm. Would you care to speak to Mr. Brown who takes all the calls in his absence?
No. Thanks. Can I leave a message for Mr. Smith?
OK, I'll tell him that you called.

Hello, is that Xiaogang Li who applied for the Solar Studio of our college?
Yes, speaking.
I want to know whether you will come to the interview. So have you accepted offers from other companies?
No, I haven't got one by now. I will go to the interview of yours.

Bruno's.
Hi, I'm calling from Nika Corporation. We would like to hold a business lunch at the restaurant.
Oh, certainly. I'm Linda, the Manager. I can help you with that. How many will there be in your party?
There will be about 18 people.
Okay. For a party that size, we have a separate banquet room in the back.
Is there an extra charge to reserve the room?
No, as long as you can guarantee at least 15 guests, there is no extra charge.
That's great. I'd like to go ahead and reserve the room, then, for Friday, December 2, at around noon. This is a retirement party and we'd like to bring a cake for the guest of honor and some bottles of champagne. Will that be acceptable?
The cake is no problem at all, but we do charge a corkage fee of $ 15 a bottle for any alcohol not purchased from the restaurant.
Oh, that's fine.
Great. I have the banquet room reserved for a lunch on for Nika Corporation on the 2nd of December. May I have your name and contact information?
Sure. I'm J McQuillin and my number is 323-555-6840, extension 42.
Thanks, Mr. McQuillin. I'll give you a call a week in advance to confirm the arrangements.
Sounds good. Thanks for your help.
Thank you for choosing Bruno's. We look forward to seeing you on the 2nd.

Would you like to come to our factory for a visit?
Oh, yes.Thank you. I'd be glad to.
You can look around our new workshops and the automatic machines.
I'm sure the output of your production will increase a lot.

Could you tell me something about your family?
OK. There are five people in my family, Father, mother, elder brother, younger sister and I.
Are your brother and sister still in school?
My brother has found his job and my sister is still in college.
What does your father do?
My father is a middle school teacher.
What about your mother?
My mother is a housewife.
Are you married?
I am not married yet and I live alone now.
Do you need to support your family?
No, my father and brother are doing that.
Have you finished school?
Yes, I have already graduated.

Hello, this is Li King. Can I talk to your manager?
Sorry, he has just gone out now. Can I take a message for you?
Yes. Would you please kindly tell him I want to apply for a proof-reader in your newspaper?
OK, I got it.

Mary, I will have an interview tomorrow. I am so excited!
Congratulations! By the way, have you had all the things ready for the interview?
I only typed several copies of my resume.
That's not enough. You have many other things to prepare.
What are they?
Besides the resume, you also need the original and copies of your graduation certificate and your ID card.
I see
Also several copies of your one-inch color photos.
Yes, I have those.
You also need to prepare formal clothes for the interview ; a suit should be the best.
I will get it soon.
Have a briefcase ready with all your interview materials in it for easy carrying.
Ok, I will remember.
All these should be enough. Good luck!

Do you have a United States R. N. license ( i. e. Registered Nurse license )?
No, I haven't had a chance to take the exam as I have just arrived here.
Could you tell me about your professional education?
B :: All right. I graduated from the nursing school of Beijing Medical University. The nursing school offered such courses as nursing science, nursing psychology, nursing ethics, internal medicine, surgery, pediatrics, and so on.

Tristan, could you stay a few extra minutes to discuss your project with me?
Sure. We're on a pretty tight schedule, but we should be able to finish it just on time.
Are all of your team members on schedule?
A few of the graphic designers are a bit behind in their work because of computer problems.
How have they decided to deal with that?
They've agreed to work over-time until it's finished. They've even decided to come in on the weekend.
That's true dedication. I'm impressed. When is it due?
We agreed that the deadline was next Friday.
Right. Well, given that your colleagues are working so hard on this project, I suppose we could change that deadline to Monday morning, I won't have time to look over it on the weekend anyway.
That'd be very helpful. An extra weekend is all they really need. Thanks.
That's alright. Make sure everyone knows that we must stick to the new deadline.
I will.
I know you have a tight schedule, so I won't take up more of your time. Have a good evening.
You, too! See you tomorrow.

What do you think are the qualities a nurse should have?
They are responsibility, skill, patience, quietness, and so on.
What kind of medicines does the doctor usually prescribe to children who get high fever?
Aspirin.

I am calling to ask about the position of an usher.
Anything you would like to know?
What qualities do you expect the applicants to have?
We expect the usher girl to be good-looking, no less than 165 centimeters high, and love smiling.

Hello, I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant.
Welcome. One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation.
What else do I need to do?
You inform the people in charge and let them reserve dinning tables for guests.

Mary, my friend recommend me for a job to work in a company, and I feel it's great.
Really? Are you familiar with that company?
He has introduced the company details to me.
What does the company mainly do?
The company deals in selling electronics.
When was the company founded?
It was founded in 2002, has been in business for 10 years.
How many employees are there in total in the company?
More than 2000 now.
What education background do the employees usually have?
The company deals in selling electronics.
When was the company founded?
It was founded in 2002, has been in business for 10 years.
How many employees are there in total in the company?
More than 2000 now.
What education background do the employees usually have?
More than half of the employees have bachelors'degree.
Are there many promotion chances in the company?
Three times every year.
That's great. You can go take a look.

Let me ask some questions. Do you know what people need to get entry into China?
Yes. An passport and a visa are necessary for entry into China.
What materials do they need in order to apply the passport?
They should fill in an application form, hand in the copies of Identification Card and household register.

I am calling to apply to work in your agency of entry.
OK. Do you have any advantages to work in our entry agency?
Yes. I know many ambassadors in Chinese Embassy and British Embassy in China.
Wonderful, I will give you a chance of interview.

Mary, you have found several companies that are hiring, right?
Yes, I have found three companies.
Have you called to inquire about the positions?
Yes, but the results are not so satisfying.
What's the matter?
I asked the first company about the vacancy, but they had already hired someone.
What a pity!
The second one told me that the job information was released half a year ago, and had been overdue.
It's frustrating!
The last company is still hiring, but not recent graduates.
Wonder why they do that!
I feel terrible now.
Don't be discouraged. Just keep trying and you will find a job eventually.
Thanks for your support and care.

Do you know the restrictions about the carry-on items for exiting?
Yes, you can take small sum of money and important items such as passport and keys and business documents and so on.
What are the things that are forbidden to take in departure?
There is a long list of those things forbidden, including explosives, gum opium and precious cultural relies and so on.

Hello, this is Lucy from ABC Company.
Hello, Lucy.
I'm calling to see if you have made your decision. You are the right person we are seeking for.
Yes, I have decided to work with your company.
Good news for us. When can you start to work?
It's my honor to be one member of your company. I'd like to begin to work any time as you like.
Ok, please come to my office at 9 AM next Monday. I will introduce you to our boss.
No problem. Thank you for calling me.
You’re welcome.

Mr. Charles, I feel that we have had a very pleasant talk.
I think so too, and you have a general understanding of the company now.
Yes, your company is a big one in the field and has great potential.
What else do you want to know?
I want to know about the salary information in your company.
Then, how much do you wish to be paid each month?
I hope my starting salary will be 3,000 yuan a month if I become a formal worker.
We will give you more than what you hope.
Really? That's good news for me.
You will have a six-month internship after you enter our company. During this period you can get 2,500 yuan a month, and after that you can get 3,500 yuan per month.
It sounds great!
You can also get a bonus at the end of the year, and if you can keep working in the company, your salary will get a raise every year.
By the way, how many days do we work every week?
Five days every week, but if it is necessary, you need to work overtime once in a while
OK, I see

How good is your Mandarin?
Mandarin is the language I spoke since I was a child. So I can speak it very fluently.
What dialect do you understand?
I can speak and read Cantonese because I worked in Guangdong for many years.

Do you speak a foreign language?
Yes. I am capable of speaking English smoothly. I have been learning English for years.
How well do you know English?
I have no trouble communicating with native English Speaker. I even taught spoken English in a training school.

Jack, you should have known in general the situation of our company now.
Yes, and I am very satisfied with it.
Do you have any other questions?
Would you please tell me about fringe benefits of the company?
OK, we will pay insurances for employees after the probationary period.
What do they include?
Include endowment insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance and maternity insurance.
That sounds great.
Employees will also have housing payment reserve funds.
The fringe benefits in your company are excellent, and it's generous of you to offer five insurances and one fund
Do you have other questions?
I want to know if the staff can get a vacation every year.
The permanent staff can have a paid month-long vacation every year. Besides, they also get chances of free traveling.
That's quite good. Thank you for telling me about those.

Tomorrow is my first day at work, what do you think I should be wearing?
Well, if you want to look professional, serious and more conservative, a blue dress, white shirt and not-too-high shoes would be the best choice. But sometimes, very formal clothes will keep you at a distance from your colleagues. It depends on the company’s dress code.
Indeed, I found most of the employees dress casually when I went to the interview. Only the manager was in suit and tie and he just came back from a ceremony. It seems that their dress code is not that formal. Probably, I should put on car key and simple shirt.
Whatever you choose, make sure they are neat and clean.

Do you understand any other foreign languages besides English?
Yes, I know a little about Japanese which is similar to Chinese not only in culture but in language itself.
What band did you pass in Japanese Language Proficiency Test?
I passed the Band two in LPT, but I will try to achieve Band one which is the highest level.

The language used in this multinational company is mainly about English ; do you think you can manage to handle that?
Yes. I am sure I can. I was an English major in college.
What about your second foreign language since you were an English major?
Russian is my second foreign language and I excelled the rest of my class in Russian because my father is a Russian.

You know that this job requires frequent business travel. Can you accept it?
Yes, I can.
Mostly short business trips, but sometimes long ones are also needed.
Then how about the expenses during the trips?
The company will pay all the expenses.
Would you tell me where we often travel?
Usually Shanghai, Qingdao, Hong Kong and so on.
It's great! I like these places.
And you need to go abroad once in a while. Can you?
Yes, I can.
After the business trip, you could apply for reimbursement of all the expenses, such as passage money and accommodation charges and so on.
I see.
You can take a break for one or two weeks after you have a business trip every time, which depends on the circumstances.
OK. Thank you very much for telling me all these things.

How is your computer skill?
My familiarity to computer is great, and I use computer frequently in my daily life and work.
What kind of software can you use skillfully?
I am competent in using Word, Excel, Windows and other commonly used softwares.

Do you have any certificates on computer?
Yes. I have ACRE ( National Computer Rank Examination ) certificate, Rank II.
How did you get it?
I failed in my computer course once and I made up my mind to learn it well. Then I made painstaking preparation for 3 months and I finally got it.

Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff?
Let me see. Laptop, flash disk, a ballpoint pen, a pencil, a notebook, a pair of glasses, cell phone, charger, moisture lotion,... Oh, that is too much. You are not going to a business trip.
I guess I need all of them.
Actually, the company will provide you with all of these supplies. So, you can leave this very thick notebook at home.
I know. But it is my lucky charm. I carry it all the time.
Suit yourself. Don’t forget to set the alarm clock.

Are you a social person?
Yes, I am an outgoing person who likes to be with a lot of friends.
What is your strategy in communicating with colleagues?
Well, the most important thing in communication is your sincerity.

Could you hold the elevator, please? Thanks a lot.
No problem. What floor?
I'm headed to the 18th floor, the top floor.
Oh, so am I.
Do you work there? I have an interview today with Dale Mendoza. Do you know her?
Yeah, I know her pretty well.
To tell you the truth, I'm really nervous. I had a dream last night that I was being interviewed by a three-headed monster that kept trying to bite my head off. Oh, wow, my palms are sweaty just thinking about it. I just hope Ms. Mendoza won't be able to hear my teeth chattering. I just hope I get through this in one piece.

I think you are an excellent person. Honestly speaking, you are very suitable for this job
Thank you very much for your evaluation. I also like this job very much.
I want to know your earliest available entry time.
Oh, let me think... Maybe two months later.
It's too late. If you could get the job, could you start a little earlier?
I'm sorry I can't, because I haven't finished my thesis.
What a pity!
When do you usually require the new employee to start?
Within two weeks, because the new employees need to receive induction training.
I will make an arrangement for it.
I hope you can come to our company to work.
I will give you an exact reply as soon as possible.
OK, I will keep this position for you for one week.
Thank you very much.

Hello, Dana Okro.
Hello, Dana, this is Kevin Abrahams from Eureka Corp. I don't know if you'll remember me but we met last week at the Chamber of Commerce luncheon.
Oh, yes. Hi, how are you?
Great. Do you have a few minutes right now for me to tell you a little bit more about the data management tools our company has to offer? It won't take long.
Actually, I'm really swamped right now and I'll be going into a meeting in a few minutes. Is there any literature you can send me?
Oh, sure, I understand. I'd be happy to send you a promotional packet about the programs that I think might best suit a company of your size. Would it be okay if I called again to see if you have any questions?
Let's do this. Since I'm not sure when I'll get a chance to read the material, why don't I give you a call if I have any questions. Now, I'm really sorry, but I have to get going to this meeting.
No problem at all. I won't keep you any longer. I'll put a package to you in the mail and we'll go from there.
Sounds good.
Thanks for your time.
No problem. Bye, bye.

Do you have your own circle of friends?
Yes. I have friends even though I am a man of few words. Just like the old saying goes, " Actions speak louder than words ". I am a hard-working silent person.
What you said was right, but we need to work as a team, how could you make adjustment to that?
Teamwork is ok to me, and I hope the team will be complementary in personality.
OK, I got it.

What kind of strong suit do you get?
I am accomplished in English and computer. Besides, I've got a Teacher's Certificate.
Do you want to be an instructor in the future?
Yes. I regard instructor as a decent occupation and I love to be an instructor.

Hi, this is ABC Company. Is that Joseph?
Yes, speaking. Anything I can do for you?
I am calling to tell you that the interview for you is in our company on Monday morning at 8: 00.
Where is the interview happening?
It is on the Jianshe Street where there is a Carrefour Supermarket near it.

Hi, is that Li Ling?
Yes. What can I do for you?
I am glad to inform you that you are expected to come for an interview in our head office tomorrow.
Could you please tell me the address?
Yes, sure. It is No. 50 in the Fifth Avenue where there is a fairground and a museum.

May I speak to Mr. Baker?
I’m afraid he's not in.
Will you ask him to call me collect when he’s back?
Certainly. May I ask who’s calling, please?
Yes, this is Cindy Wang of A & B Trading Company in New York.

Hi, this is Quipu Corp. Is that Miss Zhang?
Yes. speaking. Is there anything I can do for you?
I am calling to tell you the items you are supposed to bring for the interview the day after tomorrow.
What do I need to take with me?
You'd better bring the diploma, identification card and several copies of your resume.

Hi, is that Jason?
Yes. What can I do for you?
I am calling to let you know that you are expected to come for an interview in our branch.
That's cool. What documents do I need to carry?
You can bring life photos, recommendation letters and certificates.

Hello, are you Muriel Douglas?
Yes, and you must be James. It's nice to meet you at long last.
Yes, you too. Thanks for agreeing to meet with us about the new account. My associate, Susan Kim, should be here any minute. Would you like something to drink while we're waiting?
No, thanks. I'm fine. Did you have a nice holiday?
Yes, I did. My family and I went to Tahoe to ski and the weather was great. How about you?
I stayed in L. A. and it was sunny the entire weekend. We spent most of the time at home but we did go see King Kong on Christmas day.
How did you like it?
It was better than I expected. But, you know, I think I would have enjoyed skiing in Tahoe even better. Do you go there often?
No, not much. My wife doesn't like to ski. She prefers vacationing where it's warmer, like Hawaii.
I don't blame her. I really enjoyed it there when we went a few years ago. I'd like to go back sometime soon.
Yes, me too. Oh, here's Susan now. Let me introduce you.

How do you do?
How do you do?
Do you mind if I introduce myself? My name is Wang Li.
My name is Jim Jones. Are you coming for the interview?
Yes, I am.

May I come in?
Yes, please.
How are you doing, sir?
Fine, thank you. Are you coming for the interview as a secretary? What's your name?
Please allow me to introduce myself. My name is Li Hua. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too. Miss Li. please have a seat. I am Peter Smith, the General Manager.

What do you want to know about me?
How about your academic records at college?
The average grade of all my courses is above 85.
In which subject did you get the highest marks?
In mathematics I got a 98.
Have you received any scholarships?
Yes, I have, and three times in total.
Have you been a class leader?
I have been a class commissary in charge of studies for two years.
Did you join in any club activities?
I was an aerobics team member in college.
What sport are you good at?
I am good at sprint and table tennis.
You are excellent.

Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
You are a graduate, right?
I recently graduated from college as an English major.
So you don't have much related work experience.
Admittedly, I don't. But I still beg you to give me an opportunity, and I'm willing to learn with my best effort.
Well, did you get any honors or rewards in college?
I have got a Business English Certificate and a Certificate of TEM 8.
What about your computer skills?
I got professional training in this field, and I believe I can fit the position well.
And anything else?
I have taken some courses in college, such as translation, business English, and so on. So I have a good mastery of both spoken and written English
I see.
Your approval would be my honor.

Have you graduated now?
Yes. I graduated this past June.
Which university did you graduate from?
Guangzhou University.
What degree did you receive?
I received a bachelor's degree in Economics.
What courses did you take in college?
My major courses were Microeconomics, Macroeconomics, International Trade, International Finance, World Economy, Psychology and Business English
Why did you choose to study Economics?
Because I was quite interested in Economics then.
Can you speak other languages except English?
I can also speak a little Japanese.
I am very satisfied with your answers.
Thank you very much.

Now let's talk about your interests and hobbies.
Well, I like reading, walking, swimming, hiking and playing basketball
You have a colorful life.
Yes. These hobbies have indeed enriched my life
How do you usually spend your time after work?
I prefer to read novels with a cup of tea.
What kind of books interests you most?
Detective books.
You seem to be a man of imagination and logic.
To some extent, I regard books as my good companion.
If so, you can benefit a lot from them.
That's for sure.

What degree have you received?
I received a bachelor's degree.
When and where did you obtain your degree?
I received my bachelor's degree from Peking University in 2004.

Could you say something about your educational background?
Yes. I graduated from shanghai University and later obtained a master's degree from Oxford.
What was your graduation thesis on?
My graduation thesis is on International Trade.

This position requires a high level of English ability. How is your spoken and written English?
I have learned English for 10 years, and I have passed College English test level 4 and 6.
What other foreign languages do you speak?
I have taught myself Japanese in college, and I can carry on simple conversations in Japanese.
Anything else?
I have a driver's license, and two years of driving experience.
What special skills do you have?
I am very familiar with Windows operating system.
Have you got any special training in programming?
No, but I have taken elective courses in computer in college.
Do you have a good psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure.

I see myself as being honest, diligent, persevering and creative. And I have a strong sense of responsibility.
How about your psychological resilience?
I think I can work well under pressure, if necessary.
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others, and I believe they will treat me the same way.
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady.
Thank you. I simply believe the goodness of human nature.
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can.
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details. I am always in pursuit of perfection.

It is enough for today. Do you have any last question? If not, thank you for taking your time to come to our interview.
You’re welcome. For the moment, I have no further questions. I got a good picture of the job and the company. All my questions have been answered. Thank you for your time.
We will have an internal discussion and then we will contact to inform you of our decision on whether we continue with you or not.
Ok, it was very nice to talk with you and I look forward to your decision at your earliest convenience. Bye.
Goodbye.

What department did you study in?
I was in the Law School in Harvard University.
Why do you choose the Law School?
I want to be a lawyer in the future and the Law School was one of the best schools in Harvard.

What do you expect of the position?
I hope to apply my knowledge and experience on the job and make further improvement.
What do you think about occupational planning?
It is quite important for all of us. Without clear goals, one may lose direction and cannot pave the way for their future.
Tell me something about your goals.
As a graduate, it may be more important to develop myself effectively in my future work. And whatever job I may take, I will make the best efforts.
If confronted with difficult task, what will you do?
I will make full use of the chance and get myself ready for the challenges all the time.
Would you care much about your salary?
Salary is, admittedly, important, but I will care more about what I can learn from the job.
If you were assigned some work which you are not so interested, would you take it or not?
I would take it. After all, interest is not the only thing one should care about.

Hello. This is Lucy from ABC Company. Is this Monica?
Yes.
I am calling to inform you that you have passed the first two rounds of interview. Could you please come for the final round? It is scheduled on the morning of next Monday 10AM in the HR manager office.
Thank you for calling me. I will be there on time.
Ok, see you then, bye.
Bye.

Which institute did you choose in university?
I chose the Institute of Foreign Language.
How many departments were there in your university?
There were a number of them, such as Department of Literation, Department of Journalism and Communication, Department of Art Design, etc.

How about your grades of study?
I had been doing quite well. In all subjects, I got excellent scores.
Well. In that case, you must have got good records in English, too.
Yes, I was the top student among my classmates.
How about your oral English?
Quite well. I took the National English Speaking Contest in CCTV 2008 and I got first place.

How were you getting along with your studies?
Quite well. I made good records in college. I won the scholarship in every semester.
In addition to your major, did you have other fields to study?
Yes, I had taken finance courses in a training school. Compound talents are needed in the society and I must study continually to keep abreast with the times.

You taught at a local school for a year, right?
Yes, I was there as an English teacher.
Did you enjoy yourself there?
Sure. I was fond of those lovely children
So why did you decide to resign?
The school is a little bit too far away. I simply want to take good care of my elderly grandfather.
I see. But why don't you continue to work as a teacher?
I think it's better for me to meet new challenges in life.
So you can have more room for development.
And I can experience another kind of life style.
It sounds like a good idea.
I hope I can adapt to the new job as soon as possible.

Hello, this is Julie from Google Corp. Is that Jin Lili?
Yes, this is Jin Lili. What can I do for you
I am calling to impart the news that you are supposed to have an interview.
There is too much static on the line.
I said that you are supposed to have an interview.
Pardon? I can hardly hear you. I will call you later.

Good afternoon. I suppose you are Ms. Monica. My name is Mr. Thomas, the general manager of ABC Company. Here is my business card.
Thank you very much.
I am very impressed by your resume. Therefore, I am very interested to know why you’re willing to leave your current company.
I am looking for a more challenging position. I can’t grow anymore in my current job.
Ok, I understand. But why you choose us to work for?
I have studied carefully the information about your company on the internet and I have checked your company’s homepage. I am impressed by the company. And I like the products a lot. Since you’re growing steadily, I would be very eager to help you to improve your accounting system.
How do you work with a team?
I work quite well with a team. I’m a good team player. I respect people, cooperate well with member’s team. And I will do my best to help team members.
What’s your long term goal?
I’d like to bring to ABC Company not only my technical skills, ambition, enthusiasm, but also my loyalty. A sincere desire to become an administrative assistant is the heart of my career plans.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too.
After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for your position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that. What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Good afternoon. How can I help you?
Good afternoon. My name is Monica. I am here for the job interview at 2 PM.
Ok, please first fill in the form and return it to me. You can do it in the next door.
Done. Here is my paper.
Everybody attention. I would like to make sure you all know the process. The interview consists of three parts. One, all of the interviewees will answer the questionnaire and it lasts for maximum one hour. Two, we will take a 30 - minute’s break. After the break, we all come back to this office and I will announce the successful candidates for the 2nd round. In which, you have a small interview with your future manager.
What about the 3rd round?
Good question. But I will tell you when you pass the first two.

Mr. Li, does the recommendation of the university play an important role in job hitting?
Yes. In fact, the recommendation is a way of indirect self-recommendation. The university and the business have a long-term relationship. If you are recommended by your university, you can be approved more easily.
But I doubt the authority because most of the recommendation letters of the university are the same.
More and more people have the same discoveries since most of the universities do that in order to save effort.

How much are you asking for this?
I'm offering them to you at 150 yuan a piece. Is that all right?
Is tax already included in their price?
Yes. Our price can't be matched.
Would you consider a volume discount?
If you buy 1,000 or more, you'll get a 10 % discount.
I'll accept your offer.

Are you ready to move?
Definitely. I Ve got the hell out of the company. Anything new?
Yes, but there is a chance that might be suitable for you.
Really? Are you willing to recommend me for the position?
I can't say, but let me make a call and see if I can help.
I appreciate the effort, sir.

That's all you need to know about the interview for the job as a fireman. Any other questions?
No. I think I've known enough. Thank you.
You can contact me any time you need me. Bye!
Alright, see you.

Excuse me, I want to know what's your price per dozen for exercise books?
15 dollars per dozen
Oh, it's rather too high. We have another offer for a similar one at a much lower price.
However, the quality of our exercise books is better than others. I can assure you that our price is the most favorable. A trial will convince you of my words.
If you can go a little lower, I'd be able to give you an order on the spot.
This price of yours is out of the question. You must know that the cost of production has risen a great deal in recent years.
I hope you'll give a second thought to it.
We'll have to discuss the problem later.
What about if we order a large amount of exercise books?
Could you give me an idea of how larger an amount you want?
About 300 dozens.
Then, let me check. For the large quantity you ask, considering the cost of raw materials, I think 13 dollar is our bottom line. And I can assure you this is the lowest price in the market in nowadays.
OK. That's a deal.

So how did your end-of-the-year review go?
Oh, it was okay. I had my meeting with Mitch this morning and his bottom line is that he thinks I need to show more initiative. He thinks that I need to start being more creative.
Did he actually say that?
Well, not in so many words. But I know that productivity is a big issue for him. Oh, he said the usual things like “ Keep up the good work ” and “ Thanks for your hard work, ” but he also said that he's thinking about bringing some employees into my department. That, to me, means he's not satisfied with what I've been doing.
Are you sure you're not reading too much into what he said?
No, I Don't. Either I shape up or my job is on the line.
Well, I think you may be overreacting. Mitch likes to give everybody constructive criticism and I think that's what he was doing.
Do you really think so?
Yes, I do. If you ask around, other people will tell you the same thing.
Maybe you're right. Thanks, Don. I feel better.
I'm glad to hear it.

Hi, is that Jessica?
Yes. What can I do for you?
I want to inform you of the interview.
What? I can barely hear you because your veiled voice?
I said I am informing you of the interview.

Hello, this is Catharine from Thomson Company. Can I speak to Mr. Wang?
Sorry, he is in the middle of something. Can I take a message?
Yes. Please tell him that he is expected to have an interview with the CEO of ABC company tomorrow morning at 10:00.
Could you please speak in a louder voice? There may be something wrong with your receiver.
OK, I will repeat what I said loudly.

ABC Company, my name is Lucy. How can I help you?
Hello, Lucy, this is Monica. I’m calling for the accountant position. I saw the information about the vacancy on your company’s website. Is it still available?
Thank you for your interest. The position is still available. Have you already sent your CV to us?
No, not yet. First, I want to check about the availability and see if you could give more information.
It is quite urgent for us to fill this position now and I would like to stress that English is a must because of the international contacts and most likely traveling abroad very soon. If all these is not problem for you, I recommend you to mention these in your cover letter and send it to me directly.
The notification period of my current job is not that long and I’m quite profession to English and I am happy with the traveling abroad as I’m good dealing with the people from other cultures. It makes the whole job even more interesting. I will send my resume to you still this week.

Hello, is that John?
Yes. What can I do for you?
I am calling to tell you some issues about the interview.
The volume is too loud. Would you kindly turn it down a little bit?
Yes. I think it is now a moderate volume.

Hello, is that Mr. Li?
Yes, speaking. What can I do for you?
I am calling to check your information before the interview. What position did you apply?
I am applying for the waiter in your pub.
Excuse me. Could you slow down a little? I couldn't catch you.
Sure. I will try my best to slow down.

Hi, this is China Southern Airlines. Is that Miss. Ye?
Yes, speaking. What can I do for you?
I am responsible for verifying your information before you come for the interview. What, uh, position do you want... uh... to do?
Pardon? Your way of articulating is too slow. Would you speak a little faster?
Sorry, I am used to speaking in a slow pace, but I will try to be faster. What position do you want to do?
I have been yearning for a job as a stewardess in an airline like yours.

Hello, Lucy. This is Monica again. I have a question.
Please ask.
I was wondering what kind of resume do you prefer, an e-resume or a paper one?
For this position we prefer e-resume at the very beginning. Please send it to our department’s e-mail box.
Ok, thank you.
You’re welcome.

Hello, I am Richard from the Brooks Head-hunter company. Can I have a private talk with you?
Er? I am driving right now. Can you call back in 30 minutes?
Sure.
Hi, Monica, Richard again. Have you ever heard about our company? It is an international one with good reputation. We have a lot of successful cases. If you’re trying advance your career, I would love to help you. XYZ Company is one of our clients. They’re in need of the talent like you. Would you be interested in taking part in an interview? It is scheduled some time within this week.
Thank you for calling. I really appreciate your kindness. But right now, I’m very busy preparing for an interview of another company. I don’t think I am available for this opportunity.
Ok, I see. Good luck to you. You have my number. Call me when you change your mind. I can send you more detailed information about our company and jobs you might be interested in if you give me your private e-mail address.
Well, I will text it to you. Thank you, bye for now.
You’re welcome. Bye.

If I understand the terms correctly, the length of the contract would be one year with a one-year option. Is that correct?
Do you mean the contract for equipment rental or the one for training?
I was under the impression that both contracts had the same terms.
Yes and no. Let me see if I can clarify that. The terms are the same except that the contract for training has a clause that allows for the cancellation after the first six months.
Could you elaborate on that?
Sure. What I mean is that either side could cancel the training contract after the six months as long as it's in writing.
Let me see if I have that right. This contract is for six months of training, but if it isn't cancelled, continues for another six months. Is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Okay, that's clear enough. Let's move on to the other terms.

Could you tell me something about your previous job?
Yes. I once worked in a small stock exchange. My work is very simple.
Didn't you like it?
No, I thought it too dull. Also I didn't think it was challenging enough.
What made you make a decision to leave?
The stock exchange where I worked was too small My further promotion was impossible. I am able of more responsibilities, so I decided to leave.

What do you think a job means to you?
It is a way to make a living, but beyond this it's a way of fulfilling one's development. It can prove your ability.
May I ask you why you left the job?
I left the job because of expiry of my employment contract. Besides I have accumulated a lot of experience in this sort of job. I want to seek better jobs.

I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues. For all of you, we hired Monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department. She has lots of working experiences as an accountant and I am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this.
Hello, everybody. I am Monica and this is my first day at work. I am working in the finance department. I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you. I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible. By the way, call me Monica. Everybody calls me so.

It is quite important to be a good listener in the interview.
Listening carefully can show you understand and respect the speaker.
It can show your good attainment as well.
Besides, you can pick up some helpful information from the talk.
First of all, you should keep proper posture and make eye contact with the speaker with a smile.
To show that you have understood what is said, you can nod or ask simple questions at the right time.
And your statement should be clear and brief to the point.
Never should you interrupt on a unfamiliar topic.
Sure, in order not to leave a bad impression on the interviewer.
Additionally, don't show any impatience to a repeated topic.
Don't be absent-minded even when you are not interested in the talk.
In a word, any impolite behavior should be avoided in the listening.

What is your understanding of a job?
It provides breads and butter of your family. Besides, it simulates you to purse noble dreams,
Why do you want to work for us?
Your company is well-known for its good corporate profile and rapid growing records. I want to work for a company that can display my abilities and talents.

Good morning, I am Monica. Are you Mr. White, the manager of finance department? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department.
Yes, that is me. Nice to meet you, Monica. Welcome on board!
Thank you. I am very happy to have my own office now. I’Ve never had one before. It is very nice.
Well, we have nicer things than that in this company. You will find out soon.
Really? What could that be?
Well, I bet you will love them too. If you need help, just ask me any time. I am in the next door. You can also reach me through the extension 508.
That is very kind of you. Thank you very much.

What prompted you to apply to this company?
It owns 10 factories and offers stocks to the public.
Why do I have to hire you?
I have a proven track record in resolving problems, multitasking, and dealing with customers, as you can sec in my resume. I think it is enough.

Greetings should never be ignored in the interview.
Sure. It is helpful to shorten the distance between you and the interviewer and create a lively atmosphere.
Appropriate greetings will win the interviewer's favorable impression
But you should pay special attention to your words and attitudes.
In the beginning of the interview, greet the interviewer with a kind smile.
In the interview, use polite words, such as'Thank you', or'Please '.
That's right. Details can mean succeed or fail.
When talking you should focus your eyes on the interviewer in order to closely watch his or her expressions.
At the end of the interview, you should make your acknowledgements and say Goode.
Whatever the result is, you should keep your good demeanor.
Only in this way can you leave a good impression on the interviewer.
In short, you should present the best of yourself throughout the interview.

This is today’s schedule. At 8: 30AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person.
To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch.
What about the afternoon?
At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

Hello, this is Francis.
Hi, this is Monica. I was wondering when we can work on this financial report.
Today, I am busy all day long.
Shall I see you on Friday morning?
That’s not good for me at all. It'll have to be another time.
We must find some time to read report.
I know. I am available from 1 PM to 4 PM on Friday afternoon.
That’s all right. Then see you on Friday afternoon.
See you.

We cannot avoid being asked questions in the interview. Sometimes, my mind goes blank.
It is so terrible to be caught unaware.
Admittedly, you can get prepared in advance for the interview, but you cannot cover everything concerned.
Sure. So you should know how to deal with the probable questions and then make flexible reply.
Firstly, your answer should go straight to the point, and be clear and brief.
State your opinion or argument first, and then go on with details.
Never should you give an answer completely beside the point.
If you indeed don't know how to answer, admit it frankly.
Pretending to know when you do not know may expose yourself to ridicule.
Confirm the question if you don't catch it clearly.
Try to avoid the possible duplicate answer if you can.
It can help you leave a deep impression on the interviewer.

What about the working hours?
Working conditions are very relaxed. You may work whatever hours you want, provided you get your job done properly.
I like flexible hours.
Would you mind changing the position or working place you've applied for?
No, I don't.

Is there any chance to further study?
Nope. Our company is private-owned and its profit is the biggest issue. We don't think that further study has anything to do with our development and profit-making.
Do you have training program or plan for employees?
Nope. We just hope our employees will make profit for us.

When should I come for work in the morning?
Generally speaking, you are supposed to come at 9:00 am.
When does the job start in the afternoon?
You should start from 1:30 pm in the afternoon.

Confronted with difficult questions in an interview, the job-hunters mostly will be at a loss about what to do.
Usually, you cannot prepare for these questions in advance and have to depend on your immediate performance.
Still, there are some rules to follow.
In this case, you should first keep calm and normal to the face.
Don't get nervous and freaked out.
Formulate a satisfactory answer based on your specific situation.
There should be neither too much silence nor hasty answers
Try to show the best of yourself with decent words and manners.
Don't be discouraged even when confronted with negative questions
You should admit your weakness frankly.
Anyway, what really matters is that you have tried your best.
You must have confidence in yourself.

Do you plan to further your study?
Yes, I have been always learning the Economics on my own. My dream is to get a master's degree in Economics.
If you make every effort to the company, you will have a great chance to attend the on-the-job postgraduate. The tuition fee will be financed by our company.
Really? It is amazing. I will apply for a position in your company.

Did you work in a charity organization?
Yeah, I had been in the charity organization for 2 months and I learned a lot from that experience, including love, sympathy, equality, and so on.
In what way did those social activities have impact on your mind?
I think it had direct impact on my way of thinking. I learned to look at people and things from an overall perspective. In that case, I am not easy to be edgy.

So, where can I start my work?
Well, your job is to compile and analyze financial information to prepare entries to accounts. You’re also responsible for preparing profit and loss statements and monthly closing and cost accounting reports.
And I represent?
Our company just concluded a business transaction. You can help with documenting varies financial sheets involved in this transaction.
Ok, thank you.
You’re welcome. Feel free to ask me any time you need help.

Would you please mail these letters, Lucy?
Yes, Sir.
These two are urgent letters and should be sent by registered express airmail. Others are ordinary letters.
All right, who should I send them to?
It’s sent to Mr. Charles. I believe he is in London.
Ok, home or office address?
Office address, please. He might be at work when they arrive.
Should I enclose this commercial paper with these two letters?
Yes, it’s right.

I think we have had a very pleasant conversation, haven't we?
Yes, I think so too.
Do you have any other questions?
Let me think... I want to know if the company can provide free accommodation for a new employee.
I'm sorry we can't now.
I really hope that your company could provide living places ; otherwise I have to rent a house to live.
Maybe the company will build dormitory for the employees in the future.
That would work too.
Anything else?
Some companies will pay part of the phone bills for the employees. Will this company do so?
I'm sorry we won't do so for a new employee. We only provide this benefit to employees who have made significant contributions to the company.
I understand. Will the company provide training?
Yes, we will, and the staff will have a chance to travel every year.
That's great. Thank you very much.

Would you mind if I ask some personal questions?
No. I don’t. Please.
Are you in robust health?
I have a little problem, I'm overweight for my height. I think I should go on a diet.

Francis, what’s that?
Well, that is the chart showing our company’s organizational structure.
Could you tell me something about it?
Ok. On the top, Mr. Thomas, the managing director, is responsible for running the company.
How many departments do we have?
Four. They are production department, finance department, sales and marketing department and HR department. I directly report to Mr. White. He is on a business trip and is suppose to be back this morning. Probably you will be meeting him at lunch.
Ok. Who should I report to?
Mr. White, too.

Would you mind if I ask your health status?
I just had a complete physical examination and passed with flying colors.
That is good. We hope each of our future employees will be healthy and happy.
I understand that.

What is your greatest strength?
I feel my greatest asset is perseverance, that is, the ability to stick to things to get them done.
Why do you say that?
I feel a sense of accomplishment when I finish a job and it turned out just as I'd planned.

How long does it take to get to downtown from here?
It is 15 minutes'drive.
What companies do we have in our neighborhood?
Mitsubishi, HP, IBM and many other famous corporations.
Does the 7th floor belong to our company too?
Yes, our company has two floors, the 6th and 7th floor in this building.
It’s such a large firm. Do we have our own staff restaurant?
Yes, at the end of the hall.

Lucy, I’d like to fix the light in the corridor, it keeps flashing, which drives me crazy. Would you like to help me with the ladder?
Monica, wait a moment. I think we’d better call the repair man to do it.
I think I can handle it by myself.
I’d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company.
I see. If I got hurt when fixing the light, even during office hours, I wouldn’t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility.
Other company rules also need your attention.
Like this one?
Never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder.
Yeah, thank you for telling me.
Don’t mention it.

How much is your last salary?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses.
How much do you want us to pay you?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 150,000 a year. To be honest, I left the company to get more income.

Acknowledgments play a necessary part in the interview.
Sure. Kind acknowledgments can show one's good attainment.
We often ignore the acknowledgments in our daily life, and consider them as disposable.
Actually, that's not true. Acknowledgments can help you leave a good impression on others, especially in the public places.
We should particularly pay attention to acknowledgments in the interview.
In the beginning of the interview, it is best that you make acknowledgments for the opportunity of the interview.
Don't forget to say " Thank you " when you take a seat.
Make acknowledgments as well when the interviewer thinks highly of your dressing, experience, or words.
You can win a good impression of the interviewer in this way.
Acknowledgments can also help the job-hunters to show their good attainment.
Finally, at the end of the interview, make acknowledgments to the interviewer again.
Smiles and kind attitudes are the basics of acknowledgments.

Will you sit down, Mr. White?
Thank you. It's very kind of you to invite me to such a beautiful place.
I propose a toast to your pleasant tour in China.
Thank you very much.
This food is a Wax specialty. Please help yourself.
Thank you. Oh, it tastes nice.

What salary are you expecting?
What range of salary do you have for this position?
It can be anywhere between 100,000 to 200,000 a year depending on experience and qualifications.
It sounds amazing to me.

Do you have anything in particular that you would like our firm to take into account?
Yes, my house is far away from here. May I ask for an apartment?
No problem. We will offer you a room with one bedroom and a kitchen..
That's great. Thank you so much.

Could I ask the company for the housing?
Yes, but now we are fresh out of staff quarters.
How will you solve the problem?
The company will assign you housing subsidies at 400 yuan a month.

Body language in the interview is closely related to the job-hunter's image.
Surely it is.
You should look the interviewer in the eye so as to show that you are carefully listening to him.
You can nod or ask questions at the right time to show that you have already understood or you are quite interested in his words.
When you are seated, bent forward a little with your hands crossed, to show you respect the interviewer.
Don't move from time to time. It is very impolite and will make you nervous.
Proper posture can show your confidence.
The best would be you have a smile on your face in the interview to win a good impression of the interviewer.
Pay attention to keeping eye contact as well.
Throughout the interview you should maintain patience.
In a word, you should keep decent manners in the interview.
Only in this way can you leave the interviewer a good impression and achieve success.

When the interview finally comes to an end, the interviewee will probably breathe a sigh of relief.
Still, you should not let down your guard. Some details should be paid attention to.
At this moment you can thank the interviewer again for the opportunity of the interview.
You can also ask the interviewer about your performance today.
Don't forget to ask when you can receive a reply.
And it's best to ask about the second interview if necessary.
You should state politely that you will wait for the results patiently.
You can ask questions about the position you are applying for.
In this case, you should remember to give thanks for the reply you get.
Of course.
Just say goodbye to the interviewer before you leave.
Besides, remember to make acknowledgments through an E-mail or a call.

May I ask whether we are allowed to wear casual clothes in the office?
Sure, company rules are not very strict at this point.
Thank you for telling me that.
But remind you, there are some forbidden activities.
What are they? I’ll be careful.
Don’t use office phones for personal matters.
I got it.
Never ever come to work drunk, also smoking in the office is not allowed.
I see.

We have the orientation this afternoon.
What’s going to be covered in the orientation?
The company introduction, our mission, vision, various policies, insurances, pension plan, company ID, batch, telephone, e-mail set-up and training.
Quite a lot. All them one afternoon?
Yes, it is not easy.
It is OK with me. I enjoy being busy and learning new things.

Would you mind if I ask the insurance policy of our company?
No, I don't. Please.
I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance.
Of course. And 2 - week paid vacation a year, a 5 - day work week.

Didn’t you punch in this morning, Monica?
Sorry, I don’t know the rule about punching.
That’s ok. I should have told you earlier. This is a company rule.
Do we also need to punch out after work?
According to the company rule, we should punch in before 8 o’clock and punch out after 5 o’clock every work day.
How about the lunch break, Lucy?
From 11:30 to 1 o’clock.
May I ask whether we need to work overtime?
Sometimes, but not quite often.

What kind of insurance could the company provide for its employees?
All staff can enjoy the health insurance program.
What if an employee was injured due to work-related job?
Employees are covered by worker's compensation insurance.

Do you give me a bonus?
Yes. We don’t give bonus every month, but we offer semi-annual bonuses.
Do you allow any commission?
Yes. Commission will be given on the basis of your sales revenue. And the percentage will be 2 % of your total revenue.

Just as the saying goes, every potter praises his own pot. You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview.
It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time.
You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance, in order to have a good performance in the interview.
The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background. And the length depends on the particular situation.
Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in, can you make a targeted preparation.
To sell yourself successfully, you should leave the interviewer a deep impression.
Selling yourself should go straight to the point, and the statement should be clear and brief.
It should also be truthful and realistic. Do not blindly blow your own horn.
You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for.
While you should not omit your weak points, they need to be described appropriately
Time permitted, you could add certain examples to your description.
Besides, in the interview, it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly.

Besides salary what kind of allowance can I expect?
We have a kind of floating bonus on a yearly basis.
Can you elaborate it more concretely?
Yes. Floating bonus is the kind of bonus that is indeterminate in amount, such as quarterly bonus, bonus at the end of the year.

I want to know whether you can handle the matters of registered permanent residence.
Don't worry about such problems. We can deal with them for you. Other questions?
I have no other questions. Thank you.
You are welcome.

Can we talk about the working overtime issue? What’s on your mind?
Yes, sure. To be honest, nobody would like to work overtime. However, we have to if it is necessary for our company. I would do that if it is the call of duty.
Glad to hear that. Generally, it is 2 to 3 hours more than your working hours.
OK, I completely understand.

Do I often have to work overtime?
Yes, you have to work overtime a lot due to the editing job.
Is there any extra pay for that?
No, but we’ll provide you with good businesses at the end of the year.

Can you offer the Five Insurances for me?
Yes, we have insurance against old age, medical problems, unemployment, work injury and childbirth.
How are they get paid?
Insurance against old age, medical problems, unemployment will be paid by both the company and you, and the others by the company.

Jack, I don't know how to write my resume. Could you tell me about that?
You should first write your name and contact information.
What does the contact information include?
Such as your land line phone number, mobile phone number and e-mail box.
Anything else?
Then you should write your objectives, such as seeking a position in foreign trade.
I see. It is the position desired
Yes. After that you should emphasize your skills, educational background and related experience.
I see. Skills are about specialty, and educational background is easy as well. But what about related experience? I have little work experience.
Don't worry. It will take time to accumulate experience. You need to be confident for yourself.
I see. By the way, should I write the educational background starting from elementary school?
Generally from the college
Thank you very much. I will write it right now.

Hello, this is Mr. Simon. May I help you?
Hello, this is Wang Li. I want to know the status of the position.
Sorry, I can't give you an immediate answer on the matter. It's pending now.
When can I know whether I'm accepted or not?
In about 3 to 4 days.

This is Mary. I just want to let you know that we made an offer to you. The salary is 3,000 yuan a month, I e-mailed the offer to you as well. You can let me know within a week if you accept the offer.
Thank you. I'll go through it and tell you.
We hope you get on board with us, Please let me know as soon as possible.
I will. Thank you for all.

Mary, besides the resume, I think we should also write an application letter.
I think so, but how should we write it?
I think we should begin the letter with a salutation, and the salutation must be very formal.
Yes, it should be so. Then we should write the body and in the body we should mention the place where we saw the job advertisement.
We should say we are very interested in that job, and we hope to get that job.
We should write our skills and let the company know we are competent for the job.
For example, I have mastered Business English very well, and I also know a little Spanish.
Oh, you have recommended yourself very well. I should think about how to recommend myself as well.
You can say you have had a firm grasp of the professional knowledge, and you can communicate with others proficiently in English.
Yes. At the end, we should conclude the letter with greetings.
Let's write it at once.

I am rejoiced to tell you that you are employed.
Thank you for hiring me. I'm very proud to be employed by your firm.
You are expected to report for on-job training on the 15th of May. Will you be there?
Yes, I will. I hope I'll enjoy working with you.

I'm just calling to see if you have made any decision about the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all.
Do you have any idea when you might arrive at a decision?
We will let you know probably next Monday. I hope to give you a positive reply.
I'm willing to wait until you have come to a decision.

What are your strengths and weaknesses?
As I said, I am diligent and industrious. On the other hand, I am too hard-working and I put myself under much pressure to make things perfect.
What is your problem in working?
I am too introverted to let others become my friends.

I have a little trouble, and I don't know how to deal with it.
What's the matter? Please tell me. Maybe I can help you.
Tom wants me to write a recommendation letter for him, but I don't know how to write it.
Don't worry. I know about this.
Really? Tell me without delay.
First you should have a salutation, which can be the company's or a person's name.
Well, I see.
Then you can write about his performance in college, including his academic achievements and his competence.
It's easy to write those.
You can also state his personality traits, hobbies and relationships with schoolmates and so on.
Tom got along well with classmates. He is really a good boy.
You can write all his strengths in the recommendation letter.
What should I write except these?
You should also state that you are his class president, so you are qualified to write this recommendation letter
OK, I will remember.

What do you consider to be your weakness?
I am a little bit shy and I blush every time I speak in public. I think I should open myself more and be more outward with people.
Anything else?
I am self-indulgent sometimes.

So, Monica, how do you like your new office?
Well, I love it. The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine. There are plants along the corridor. Especially, I got my own desk with computer and telephone. Such a great place!
That’s very good. I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful.
What was so bad about it?
Small rooms, small window, a small desk shared by three people. I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work.
Sounds bad! Lucky you! You didn’t take that job. I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently.
Totally agree. By the way, the number of the telephone on your desk is extension 506. You can pick up your office supplies from the supply room at the end of the corridor.

Good morning, this is Mary.
Good morning, this is Jane. This is Apple Co. Ltd.
Hello, Jane! Is that the Human Resource Department?
Yes, this is. May I help you?
I had an interview with your company two weeks ago. I am calling to ask about the interview result. I hope you can give me a positive reply.
Oh, the results have come out, and I can tell you... Yes, I find your name. You are hired. Congratulations!
Thank you! I am glad to hear that. When would it be convenient for me to start working?
Next Monday morning.
What is the starting salary for me?
Your starting salary is 2500 yuan a month, and after you become a permanent employee, it will be higher.
I appreciate the offer. I will come on time next Monday. See you then!
See you!

Hello, Jack. I'm John.
I'm glad to see you!
Sit down, please. Maybe you have read the contract, but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract. You must have a three-month internship.
Yes, I know.
When you become a permanent employee, you will have the insurances. You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift.
Wait, will I have five insurances and one fund?
Yes. You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus.
It sounds great!
If you need to work overtime, you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay.
OK.
You have read the relevant terms of the contract. Do you have other questions?
How long will the induction training be?
About two weeks.
I see.
If you don't have other questions, just sign here.
OK.

I went to visit a customer in IVS Company the other day. Their offices were very impressive, especially their company Logo which is all over the place. There are Logo models in metal, copper, clove, paper. They are even printed on the wall paper and the balls of the table-lights. It is really decorated identity.
It is just too much. Don’t you feel it is an exaggerating style to decorate offices in that way?
Not at all! I like the design so much. The designer must have thought really hard to come out with such a brilliant concept.
Well, I doubt that.

What kind of job do you intend to do?
I want to do some management job since I have three-year's work history.
What are your plans if you were hired?
I would apply my specialty and experience to my job and gradually move up to the management level in this company.

What is your long-term goal in this career?
My long-term goal is to become an expert in this field.
What would you do to achieve that?
In order to achieve that objective. I would work step by step and make further study.

I am calling to thank you for giving me the interview for the Sales Manager position yesterday
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
I really enjoyed meeting with you.
You certainly made a good impression on me as well.
I am very interested in this position.
We'll be making the decision by the end of this week and we'll contact you as soon as possible.

I plan to add an introductory letter behind the resume to increase the probabilities of success in the interview.
That's a good idea. Do you know how to write an introductory letter?
I'm not sure of that. Do you know?
I just know a little. First you need to include your basic information, such as your name, age, gender and major, etc.
Yes, I think so, too. I must introduce myself in truth.
I think the most important is that you need to show the employer that you are qualified for that job.
So I should write my strengths in the introductory letter, especially those related to the work.
Yes, thus the employer can know you very well, and then decide whether you are the right person.
You are very nice to tell me those.
I wish you good luck!
Thank you!

Would you like to copy the EX files and pass me the copy? There are some figures I want to check.
Here is the copy. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I also need all the letters we received from them.
Do you mean all the sales letters from them?
Yes, that’s right.
I’ll get them for you at once. And could I file the report for you?
Yes, but I need the report copied on transparency paper.
No problem.

Hello, take a seat please. Let's get straight to the point. This is our contract. Please read it carefully before signing.
Since we have reached an agreement on all terms, there shouldn't be any problems for the contract.
May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice.
Yes, I got it. Thanks.

I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday.
You are welcome. I am very impressed by your capability.
Is there anything I should do?
No, nothing. It's thoughtful of you to call me again.
Thank you. Please call me at any time if you have any questions.
OK, I will.

Jack, I think it's best that I actively ask for the results of interview.
That's a good idea! So you don't need to worry about it.
I think so, too. What do you think about that I write a letter of inquiry to the company?
It's OK. You could send an email to the employer via the internet.
Good idea. It is convenient and fast.
You could inquire about the results directly, but should be politely.
Certainly.
I think the letter of inquiry should be written briefly. If it's too long, I'm afraid the employer won't have time to read it.
I think that about one hundred words are enough.
After you send the letter of inquiry, you should pay close attention not to miss any reply.
OK, I know now.

How are you, Mr. Stone? I m Farley.
Pleased to meet you, Mr. Farley.
Please have a seat. I know our employment officer has already given you information about your employee contract, but I'd like to go over the main details again before signing. First, you'llbe getting a monthly salary, with one month paid vacation after one year of employment.
OK May I ask whether there is probation?
No probation is involved.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine.
What's wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

We are happy to have you with us. When could you start working?
I'd like to begin to work any time you want.
What about Next Monday?
No problem. See you next Monday.

Hello, this is Sunshine Trading Company. Can I help you?
Yes. I want to apply for the accountant in your corporation and I think it is not beyond attainment.
Great. Could you tell me something about cash control?
Yes, of course. In accounting, cash means all items that are acceptable for depositing in a bank.

Are you ready for your big interview tomorrow?
What’s to get ready?
Lots! Have you done any research about the company?
Nope.
Have you updated your CV?
Nope.

Good morning. Please come into my office.
Good morning. Thank you.
I see that you have some impressive writing experience.
Yes. I have written for several top newspapers in the country. I'm also in the process of writing my first novel.
Wonderful. I'd like to know why you're interested in this position at our paper.

We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this.
OK. Let me send a memo around.
Schedule it for this afternoon, when Ken gets back.
I don’t think he’s back today.
Oh, that’s right. Go ahead anyways. I’ll fill him in. We can’t lose this order under any circumstances!
I know, it’s a big one.

Hello, Parker. How's everything?
Can't complain. And you?
Business is booming. I understand you want to meet up with me next week. How's your schedule look?
Let me see. I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday.
Great.

Evan, are you busy right now?
Not really. What’s up?
Well, I need a hand with the fax machine. My fax is not going through.
I’m kind of useless in that area, but I’ll take a look at it.
Ah, thanks.

what are your strong points?
well, I’m very good with people. I’m honorable. I work hard. I work well under pressure. And I’m patient.
what kind of people do you like to work with?
I like a person who works hard. I don’t like lazy people.
what’s your greatest strength?
well, this is a challenging question. I suppose I would say that I’m a quick learner.
so, you’re smart.
I think so. I think that I am good at what I do.
what do you consider your weakness?
I’m not good at speaking in public. I feel uncomfortable when I speak in public.
that’s not a problem. It’s unnecessary for this position.

How do I know if there is a vacancy in a company?
Easy. View the home page of the company, and see if they need staff. Many websites offer two-way service, such as job-hunting and talent hunting.
Which websites are most popular?
21st Talent Website, 51 Job, and Zhaopin.com are most popular.

Good morning. Can I help you?
Good morning. I’m here to see Rochelle Davis, the Human Resources Manager.
Do you have an appointment with her?
Yes, I do. I have a 10:00 appointment with her this morning.
Okay. What’s your name, please?
My name is Bruce Green.
Thanks. Please sit down. She’ll be with you shortly.
Thank you.

Hi, Sarah. The results of questionnaire have come out. We need to discuss it together then write a research report.
How is the new product?
30 % of the people are attracted by the style. Buyers always pay great attention to packing. In my opinion, these goods didn't sell well merely because of the poor packing.
Yes, I think so. And how about the price?
Almost 30 % of the consumers can’t accept the price. Maybe we should lower our price a little.
Yes, I agree with you. We should add our opinions to the research report.
Absolutely.

Good morning, Mr.Robinson. I am afraid there is a change in today's program. I just got word that your appointment with Mr. Smith, the general manager of Western Textile Co., Ltd., will have to be put off.
But why?
Mr.Smith called just now that he had to fly to Shanghai on urgent business today.
OK, I see.
Mr.Smith is sending his apologies and has asked me to find out if the day after tomorrow would be all right with you.
Yes, that will be just as good.
Then shall we make it nine o'clock the day after tomorrow morning?
All right. Then I can do some shopping today before going back to my country.

Hi. Can I help you, sir?
Yes. I’m interested in a job your company posted on the Internet.
We posted several positions. Which position are you looking for?
It is a position in your Maintenance Department. Is it available?
Yes. Applications will be accepted for this position until next Friday.
I have no experience but I’m interested in it.
If you’re interested in this position, please send me your resume.
I don’t have my resume with me, but I will send you a copy immediately. Can I fill out the application form right now?
Sure.
Thanks.
You’re welcome.

Hello. Can I help you?
Yes. I’m here to apply for the job of director that your company posted yesterday. Is it still available?
Yes. We’ll close this position posting at the end of this month.
Great. Where can I get an application form?
Go to the Human Resource Office, please. You can get it there.
Where is the Human Resource Office?
It’s on the first floor, Room 120.
Thanks a lot.
Good luck.
I need it. Thank you.

Hi, how are you?
I'm fine, thanks. Just trying to get adjusted. It's hard to keep track of everything around here.
That's for sure. You're new, too, huh?
Yeah. I just got here a couple of days ago. How about you?

Good morning, Mr. Montgomery. I've been sent over from purchasing to fill in for Clare Williams.
Oh, really? Nice to meet you. I thought they were going to leave me here on my own! How long have you been with the company?
Oh, about seven years. Time flies, you know!
Does it ever! Well, let's get started. If you could begin typing this letter now, I'll see what else needs to be done.

Joe, can you squeeze me in sometime today?
That's a big order, Jane. I am really swamped.
I know what you're saying, but I have to go over the books with you before I go see our tax guy.
Right. Okay, let me see what I can do. How about 1:30 right after my lunch meeting?

Excuse me, are you Mrs. Green from England?
Yes, I am.
I'm pleased to meet you, Mrs. Green. My name is Myra. I work in Beijing Institute of Technology. I came here to meet you.
How do you do?
How do you do?
It's kind of you to meet me at the airport.
Welcome to Beijing. Is this your first time in China?
No, I have visited China several times, but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city.
It's our pleasure to have you here. I hope you will have a pleasant stay here.
Thank you. I'm sure I will have a wonderful time here.

How can I help you?
Yes, I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates Limited. I would like to see Mr. Smith.
Do you have an appointment?
Yes, he knows I'm coming. Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock.
I wonder if Mr. Smith forgot your meeting. I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until 4 p. m. Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place. Will you please have a seat?
Sure.
Yes, Mr. Mason. I just checked with our office manager, Ms. Terry. She said Mr. Smith briefed her on your project. She is just finishing up a meeting now. She should be with you shortly. Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting?
That would be very nice. Thank you.
Right this way, Mr. Mason. We can start with our front office. When Ms. Terry is ready, you may take the elevator at the front to the 6th floor.There is a conference room already prepared.

Welcome to our factory.
I've been looking forward to visiting your factory.
Actually, you'll know our products better after the visit. I'll show you around and explain the operations as we go along.
That'll be most helpful.
Maybe we could start with the Design Department. And then we could look at the production line.
How much do you spend on design development every year.
About 10 % of the gross sales.
That's fine.

All right. I want to bring everybody in on this project. When can we start working on this?
Well, we could probably get started with a strategy meeting tomorrow morning at 8: 00.
I tell you what, 8: 00 is no good for me, but why don't you guys get started and I'll come by at around 8: 45 or so.
That's fine with me. How much time are we going to have to work on this?

Hi, John Phillips? I’m Rose Green. I’Ve been asked to handle your training and introduce a little bit of the company to you. It’s nice to meet you.
It’s nice to meet you, too, Ms. Green. This company seems so big right now ; I don’t know how I’ll ever get used to it.
After a week, you’ll be running around here like a pro. Let me give you this list of departments first, next to each department is its location and the name of the manager.
Great – That’ll be big help.

Good evening! I don't believe we've met before. May I introduce myself? My name is Jack.
It's a pleasure to meet you. My name is Lucy.
I'm very happy to meet you. You're from the United States, aren't you?
Yes, I'm from Salt Lake City.
I've been to Salt Lake City a few times. I really like your city.
I'm glad to hear that. I think it's the nicest city in the United States.

Hi there! My name's Terry Graham. You're new around here, huh?
Yes. My name's Mark Benson. I just started a couple weeks ago.
Well, if there's anything I can do for you, let me know.
Thanks, I appreciate that!

We hope that partial shipment is allowed.
Could you explain in detail?
Shipping the goods is to be made in three equal monthly installments.
How about 60 % for the first load, then 20 % each?

When would you like me to send those plans over to your office, Mr. Montgomery?
It would be good if you could get them to me by Thursday afternoon, Ms.Barkley.
That shouldn't be a problem. What is the exact address, again?
7880 Crofton Avenue, Building 40A, Room 304.

I don't think we can meet the delivery date you suggest. It's too soon.
Well, is it possible for you to effect shipment by the middle of June?
The earliest we can do is by the end of June.

I've got a bone to pick with you over your last shipment to Dalian. A part of the goods were damaged in transit.
I'm very sorry to hear that.
Please handle future shipments with more care.
We'll take great care.

When can you get the finished product to me?
We should have it put together by the end of next week.
Great! That'll be ahead of schedule! Good work.
Well, as the saying goes – we aim to please!

Well, I'm glad I had a chance to see these samples, but I'm really not in a position to make a decision right now.
Would you like me to leave the samples with you?
Yeah, why don't you do that, and then you can give me a call sometime next week.
Fine, Mr. Grant. Thanks for your time.

Couldn't you extend the delivery period by two weeks? That would make things much easier for us.
Well, you know the time of shipment means a lot to us.
I can understand, but our company is fully committed at the moment, and hundreds of clients are placing orders for delivery these days.
I see.OK, that's agreed then.

Hi, Mark! I was wondering if you finished that presentation you were working on last week?
Just about. It should be done in the next couple of days. Why?
Mr. Rodriguez was asking me about it yesterday.
I'll give him a call.

I'm calling to tell you the shipment has arrived in good condition.
That's good! This is our first transaction. I hope you'll be entirely satisfied with this initial shipment.
Quite satisfied. I'm looking forward to our future cooperation.

Welcome to our factory. My name is Tiang Had and I'll show you around here.First we'll take a look at the workshop which produces food thermometers. Please, this way.
Has all the work done by men been replaced by automatic computers?
Yes, it has.
Excuse me, what is this?
This is a circuit board.
Are the batteries in it made by your people?
No, they are from other factories.
What kind of battery is it?
It is lithium which can be used for over three years.

Mr. Carmichael, this is Ellen Bower calling again. You had said I should call this week to schedule an interview with you.
That's right, Ms. Bower. How are you? I'm not sure if I’ll be able to fit you in this week, I’m afraid.
I understand, Mr. Carmichael. I'd be glad to make it some time next week.
All right, then. Why don't we say next Tuesday at 11:30 a. m.?

Where do you work?
I work at a hospital.
Are you a doctor?
No, I'm a nurse.

Hello, Mr.Green. This is Lin Tong. How are you?
Hi, Mr.Lin. I am leaving tomorrow and I am just packing.
Oh, sorry to interrupt you. But I am calling to say goodbye to you. I am awfully sorry to tell you that I am afraid I could not see you off at the airport tomorrow, because I will have to attend a very important meeting.
It doesn't matter, Mr.Lin. I can understand. I know you are always very busy. Work must come first.
Thanks a lot. You have been here for almost three weeks. How time flies!
Yes. And I would like to convey my thanks to you for your help during my stay here in Nanjing.
It is our pleasure. It has been a great pleasure to work with you.
Me too. I am looking forward to cooperating with you again.
Really? Great! We will. Well, what's your flight number? When are you leaving tomorrow?
It's Flight No. 104, Northey Airlines, which leaves at ten O'dock tomorrow evening.
OK, I will send someone to see you off.
That is so thoughtful of you.
My pleasure. Take care and have a nice trip.
Thanks a lot. My wife and I will be welcoming and looking forward to your visit.
Let's call it a deal. Hope to see you again soon. Keep in touch then. Byebye.
Goodbye. Thanks again.

Welcome to China, Mr. Martin.
Thank you so much. I have been expecting to come to China.
I am very glad that you say so. We have prepared a typical Chinese dinner this evening.
Oh, you needn't do that.
My pleasure.

Excuse me, is this the office of the Textile Corporation?
Yes, What can I do for you?
I'm from CTC Trade Company. Here is my card.
Welcome to our corporation. I'm in charge of the export business.
I'm glad to meet you here. You're Ms....
I'm In Hui. Do sit down, won't you?
Thank you, Ms. In. I'm here to discuss the possibility of establishing business relations with your corporation.
We'd be very glad to do so. Have you seen the exhibits displayed in the hall?
Yes, I had a look around yesterday. I wish I could have them all. Can you give me a price list with specifications?
Yes, of course. If you make an inquiry, we can make you a firm offer.
Thank you very much.

I'd like to invite you for dinner tonight. Do you think you'll have time?
Thank you for your invitation. I'm free tonight.
Which kind of food do you like to eat, Chinese food, western food or seafood?
I prefer seafood.
OK. I will pick you up at your hotel at 5:30 p. m.
That's fine. I'll be waiting for you.
See you later.
Bye.

I heard you've found a new job.
Yes, I'm now working in a company.
So you're quite happy with your new job?
Right. I enjoy what I'm doing.

I don't believe we've met.
No, I don't think we have.
My name is Gao Run.
How do you do? My name is James Green.
Here's my name card.
And here's mine.
It's nice to finally meet you.
And I'm glad to meet you, too.

Will you introduce me to the new colleague?
Haven't you met yet?
No, we haven't.
I'll be glad to do it.

Hey, you have been promoted to president of the department.
All this is thanks to the efforts of my superiors and colleagues.
You are so smart. Your efforts in the success of the plan were outstanding.
I just did what I should have done.
You’Ve got a great personality.
Thank you for your compliments. I will try even harder to repay the company and your support.
I believe you will. I’m very pleased with your work. Your promotion will contribute to the development of the company.
Thanks for saying so.

Hello?
Hello, is that Miss Smith?
Yes.
This is Mr.Gao. How are you?
Not too bad, thanks. And you?
Fine. Listen. Are you free on Wednesday night? I'd like to invite you to dinner.
I'm terribly sorry, but I've already made arrangements for Wednesday.
That's a pity. How about Thursday?
That would be fine.
Great. What time would you like to meet?
Whenever is suitable for you. I have no plans for that day.
OK, let's say 6
And where would you like to meet?
I can pick you up at the gate of your company. Also, what type of food do you like?
I'm not very familiar with Chinese cuisine. What can you recommend?
Well, have you heard of Peking Duck? it's a local specialty.
Of course! Peking Duck is world-famous. I would love to try it.
OK, let's have that then.
All right. Well, I'll see you later.
See you later, goodbye.

How are you, Mr. Zhang?
Very well, thank you. And you?
Fine, too, thanks. We met one year ago. We both took part in a party held by our company last year.
That's right. How nice to see you again.
Me too. How is your family?
they are doing well.
Say'hello'to them for me.
Of course. They will be happy you asked about them.

Here is an invitation for you.
Oh, thank you. What is the occasion?
Tomorrow is the tooth anniversary of our company. Our general manager invites you to a dinner party. Do you think you can manage it?
Oh, yes, I'd very much like to go.
That is great. Dinner starts at 6
I'll be there in time.
All right. Bye.
Bye.

Are you from America?
No. I am Canadian. Are you Chinese?
Yes. Nice to meet you!
Nice to meet you, too. Let me show you around.
Thanks, I will appreciate it. How long have you been here?
About two years, but it seems as if I got here yesterday.

The time has come to say goodbye.
So soon. It seems as if you just got here.
I feel that way, too. But all good things must come to an end, as they say.
It certainly has been a pleasure seeing you again and renewing old memories.
I've had a delightful time and I really appreciate your spending so much time showing me the sights.
It was fun for me, too.It gave me a chance to get away from my routine and do something a little different.
You'll be out to see me next year, as you promised?
Oh, yes. I should be there sometime next spring.
I'll be expecting you then.

Hello, I'd like to see Mr. Baker for some business.
What time would you like to see him?
Would 9:00 o'clock tomorrow morning be alright?
Just a moment, please. I'll check for you.

Who will meet you at the airport?
No one.
Oh, then I will arrange one of my staff to meet you at the airport.

Did you get my email?
I certainly did. Do you want to come in and give me some feedback about your weekend?
Sure.
How did the business trip go?
Well, to be honest, nothing is more stressful than going on a business trip with our boss.
I understand. The last time I went on a business trip with the boss, I didn't even have enough to eat!
I also think the company is pretty cheap with travel expenses. I spent half of the weekend on a train! Surely they could have afforded to buy a few plane tickets!
Our company is quite conscious of the environmental problems that frequent flying causes.
I see. Well, then perhaps they could give me a few days off after a business trip. It was really tiring for me.
I can ask the boss about giving you the day off today.
Thank you. I can't imagine getting much done today. I'm just too exhausted!
No problem. Did you bring any gifts back for your department?
No, should I have?

Welcome, Mr. Sun.
Thank you for your entertaining me.
Today I'll invite you to enjoy the seafood.Please make yourself at home.
Excuse me, what business are you looking after in Germany?
I am running Chinese arts and crafts.
What arts and crafts are you interested in this time?
I hope to import some silk from Hangzhou to Germany. Can you help me?
Sure, I'll certainly help you do it.

Here's the schedule we've prepared.
Oh, thank you.
Do you mind if we talk about your schedule tomorrow?
That will be best. I'd like to have a good rest first.
And this is the schedule for Mrs. Watson. Eileen from our department will take care of her.
Ok. Shall we discuss the schedule in the lobby?
All right. I'll see you in the lobby tomorrow morning.

So, Emily, how was your day?
I don't think you really want to hear about it.
It can't have been that bad. Go on and tell me about it.
To be honest, it was horrible! My manager is such a pain in the neck!
Why? What happened?
Well, he made quite a few mistakes on the monthly report and when his supervisor found them, my manager blamed them on me!
That's not very fair. What did you do?
There wasn't really anything that I could do. There's always been a lot of bad blood between my manager and myself. If I had said anything, he would have fired me for sure.
Does he treat everyone in your department like this?
He treats everyone pretty badly, but the way he treats me really takes the cake!
Do you have any idea why he treats you worse than the others?
I really have no idea. All I know is that the thought of him really curls my hair!
Is there anyone else you can talk to about it at your company?
Not really. I'm hoping to live with it for a while until I get a promotion.
That's very sensible. It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders.
I try to be sensible about it, but it's not very easy. Sometimes you just have to grin and bear it.
That's so true. When you have a taste for success, you can't let dishonest people like your manager get in the way.

I have some good news for you. We've decided we'd like to send you to Shanghai on a business trip this weekend.
Oh.
Don't you think that it'd be a good thing for you to get out of the office foe a couple of days?
Sure.
I thought you'd be a bit more excited about this. Everything will be paid for and I'll send my assistant with you to take care of everything for you. All you have to do is to get on the train tonight at 7 pm.
The train? Will I be flying back then?
Oh, no. We've bought your return ticket for you. I think you'll find it comfortable.
Will the train be very crowded?
Oh no. the train hasn't been crowded at all recently. Besides, you're in first-class, so you'll be fine.
When is the first meeting then?
They've scheduled the negotiation meeting for 9
Where will I be staying?
We've booked you a room in the same hotel as your meetings, so you won't need to deal much with the transportation system.
That's very sensible. Would it be alright if I left early today to prepare for the trip?
That's not a problem. Have a nap if you can. You don't know how tight the schedule is for this business trip.

Well, what did you think about the last candidate? Do you think we should hire her?
She had a very impressive resume, but she seemed to lack the confidence that I think a good manager needs.
What made you think that she wasn't very confident?
Did you notice the way that she avoided making eye contact with us while she talked?
She was a bit nervous, I guess. What else?
When she first walked into the room to greet us, she didn't shake our hands or introduce herself at all. I thought that was a bit unprofessional.
You're right. If she walked into meeting with our clients like that, it would make our company look bad, wouldn't it?
It sure would. Did you also notice the way she slouched in her chair during most of the interview? She had horrible posture!
I agree. I guess I was paying more attention to her answers than her body language.
On top of that, she didn't seem to have any sense of people's personal space.She didn't keep enough distance between us during the meeting.
That's true. I guess we’ll have to keep looking for a manager then.
Don't worry, we’ll find someone eventually!

Good afternoon, Mr.Stein. I wonder if you are free tomorrow evening?
I'm not sure, but let me check my schedule... Ah, no. I have nothing then.
Great! Our president has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Beijing Hotel at 7:00. Here's an invitation card for you.
How nice of him! I'll be delighted to go. But what time would be convenient?
I'll be here to pick you up at 6:30.
That's good. It's most thoughtful of you to do this, Miss Wood.
It's my pleasure. Well, then, see you tomorrow.

Excuse me. But are you Mrs. Smith from America?
That's it. I am Maria Smith. You must be Zhang Lin from Tianjin Sports Facility Co.Ltd.
Yes. Nice to meet you, Mrs Smith.
Nice to meet you too, Mr. Zhang.

Good morning, Oriental Electric Limited.
Hello, this is Catherine. I am calling about the appointment with Mr. Liu for this afternoon. Something has just come up. I am afraid the appointment will have to be rescheduled. I am very sorry about the change.
That is all right. Maybe we can make another arrangement.
You are very kind to say so. Thank you. Do you think tomorrow morning would suit him?
I'm afraid there is a bit of a problem. in fact, he has booked up the whole week except tomorrow afternoon.
Tomorrow afternoon. Um... When do you think I can come and see him tomorrow afternoon?
Please let me check... Tomorrow afternoon... Yes, he'll be free from 3:00 tomorrow afternoon. Do you think it's convenient for you?
Yes, that's quite all right for me. Can we change it?
All right. Let's change it. Tomorrow afternoon at three. I am going to schedule it for that time and inform Mr.Liu about the change.
Thank you very much. See you tomorrow afternoon.
See you.

My warmest congratulations on your promotion!
Thanks. It’s nothing special actually.
Don’t say that. It owes to your efforts and team spirit.
Oh, it was nothing. Anyone could have done it. I still have a lot to learn yet.
You are very modest. Best luck in your new position.
Thank you. I won’t let this promotion change me.

I have applied for a transfer.
Really? Do you mean that you are leaving?
Yes. I think it's time to move on. I’Ve already been here too long.
Where do you want to go?
Well, I want to be transferred to the Shanghai office.
I will miss you. But anyway I wish you every success at your new post.
Thanks. It's been a pleasure working with you.

Good morning, Mr. Zhang.
Good morning.
How are you? How nice to see you again. How is everything going?
Very well. What about you?
Not bad, thanks! Our company has sent me to pick you up here.
That is so nice of you.

We've changed the schedule again. I really want to meet with you, Mr. White. I just need some time to sort out my schedule.
Well, I know you are pretty busy these days. But we have got to work fast on this. Otherwise, we'll lose the market.
I realize that. We don't have anytime to waste. I can put you down for 9
Let me see. That is no problem. I'll see you then.

May I speak to Mr.Huang, please?
I'm sorry. Mr.Huang is quite busy right now. Could I pass him the message?
Well, you see, I won't be able to keep my 9
Let me see. He's free from 3:00 to 4:30 tomorrow afternoon. Can you make it then?
Yes, of course. Thank you very much.
You're quite welcome. Thank you for calling. Bye-byeB

You did an excellent job in this project.
Thank you. It was a lot of hard work.But I'm glad I did it.
Congratulations.
When will you give me a raise?
Ha... I am not sure.
I feel quite embarrassed for having to request a pay raise so quickly.
Let me think. How much did you have in mind?
5 000 yuan per month.
That's a lot of money. Let me think about it carefully.

Excuse me, sir. I've made a tough decision and here is my resignation.
I am sorry to hear that. Why do you want to quit?
I'm sorry to bring up my resignation at this moment, but I've decided to study abroad.
All right. Welcome back anytime.
Thank you, sir. I'd like to say that I’Ve really enjoyed working with you. However, I think it’s about time for me to leave.
I am glad to work with you, too. Good luck!
Thank you.

Are you done?
Yes.
Let me see. Everything looks fine. We’ll be taking applications for this position through Friday. We’ll start calling for interviews sometime next week.
So can I expect to hear from you to set up an appointment for an interview sometime next week?
That’s right.
Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Bye now.

I'm sorry to tell you that I have to cancel our appointment.
What's happened?
I must meet someone at the airport tomorrow afternoon.
I'm sorry to hear that. May we meet the day after tomorrow?
OK. I'll be free from nine to eleven. I'll be there waiting for you.
We'll discuss the contract in detail.
Sure. I'm really sorry for the trouble I've made.
Not at all. See you.

Please come in, Steven.
All right, Mr. Green.
Have a seat over there. How are things going out in the office?
Pretty well. Everyone is working hard.
But, our business has been going down sharply the couple of months and we have to reduce some staff.
You mean I'm among the people who have to go?
I'm afraid so.
Did I do something wrong?
You're the sales manager, but our sales didn't go up.
But you know I've been working very hard. And I have a family to support.
I feel sorry, but that's the decision of the directorate.

Hi. How can I help you?
I’m looking for a job. Are you hiring?
Yes, we are. What position are you looking for?
Superintendent.
I’m sorry. The application for this position has closed.
Do you have any other positions available?
We have only one position open.
What is it?
Gas Meter Reader. This is a wonderful job for the right person, regular hours, no night shifts, no supervisor behind you, and good pay.
Can I apply for it right now?
Sure.

I'd like to make an appointment with manager Mr.Wu. Would 10:00 a. m. tomorrow be all right?
I'm afraid not. He has a meeting tomorrow morning.
Could I possibly make it early in the afternoon?
No, that's not good either. But give me your phone number and I'll call you if somebody cancels.
Thank you very much.

Hello, sir. Can I help you?
Yes. I want to apply for a job you posted on the Internet yesterday.
What’s the job title?
Service Technician. How can I apply for this position?
You need to fill out an Application Form.
Where is it?
It is on the desk over there. Be sure to fill out everything. Don’t leave any blank spaces. When you’re done bring the application to me.
Okay. Thanks.

Could we have the honor of you presence of the meeting?
I'm awfully sorry, I have other plan.
Would you prefer some other time?
I'd love to come other time if it can be arranged.
Are you quite sure you can come next Tuesday?
Certainly, I'll be going.
What time am I supposed to pick you up?
I'll be waiting for you in our office about nine o'clock.
OK.

May I speak to Mrs. Liu, please?
This is Liu Fang speaking.
Oh, good morning, Mrs. Liu. I'm calling to see if you have received my resume that I sent to you by Email.
May I have your name, please?
My name is Steven. May I ask whether I can have an interview?
Of course. In my opinion, you are the strongest candidate for the job.
When is it most convenient for me to visit you to talk about the position?
I want to set up an interview for you at 9 a. m. next Monday in our company's conference room.
Thank you very much. See you then.

May I fix an appointment with Dr.Cui?
Sure.
When will it be convenient for her?
Any time is all right, except Sunday.
How about ten o'clock tomorrow?
OK. I'll tell her.

Mr. Emory, I’d like to take this afternoon off if it's all right with you.
But Steven, you've called in sick 3 times during the last three weeks.
I know, Mr. Emory. I'm sorry. But I really need to see the doctor this afternoon. I feel dizzy and I can't concentrate on my work.
All right, then. But don't forget to bring a doctors note tomorrow.
OK, thank you!

Hello! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers?
Well, Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here.
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information.
The position calls for a person with some working experience. We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills. Can you deliver your resume to us first?
Of course. I will deliver my resume to you in minutes'time. I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience.
OK. I will call you soon. Bye now.
Bye.

Good morning, Mr. Huang. It's a pleasure to meet you again.
Pleased to see you. Welcome to our company. I hope you have a good day.
Thank you. Can I meet my colleagues?
Sure, come with me. Hello, Michael, this is Steven. He will be part of your team.
Hi, Steven, welcome to join us!
I’Ve been looking forward to meeting you. I am new to the working world and would appreciate your guidance.
That’s right. Just call me if you need anything.
That's great.
Well, as the other guys are still not in, I’ll introduce you to them later.
All right.

Let's come to an agreement to salary.
May I see the agreement first?
Of course. Here you are. Please read the agreement and sign it.
( Read the agreement. ) There's a three-month period of probation for new recruits.
Yes. If you have any question, just ask. By the way, do you know your rights and obligations in this agreement?
I think I know it. I wonder whether the agreement has the guarantee of law or not.
Of course, you can believe us. Both sides should act according to the provisions of the agreement. Please sign the agreement.
( Sign. ) OK, I signed the agreement with the signature of my name.
We are done with the agreement. After a three-month probationary period, you will be confirmed in your post.
I see. Thank you very much.
You are welcome.

I wonder if you could do me a favor.
I'd be happy to help you. Name it.
My printer is broken. Can you print up a copy for me?
Sure, no problem. Do you want me to edit it for you?
Please, you write much better than I do.
Oh, its nothing.

Hello, this is Steven. Is that Mrs.Wang? I'm just calling to follow up about the status of the personnel manager position.
This is Wang Ling speaking.You satisfy all the requirements. Congratulations! You're hired.
I’m very proud to be employed by your firm.
I think you'd be perfect for this job. This company needs someone like you. When can you start working?
Anytime.
Very good. You will normally be sent an official notification of the results of your interview by post. Once you get the notification, you can come.
Thank you for hiring me. See you then. Bye.
See you. Bye.

Tell me a little bit about yourself, please.
My name is Steven and I live in Beijing. I was born in 1980. I have graduated from Peking University. I majored in business administration.
What kind of jobs have you had?
I have been a production manager.
Would you like to tell me something about your outstanding achievements?
I introduced an advanced product line, which increased the output and lessened the cost.
What special skills do you have, can you tell me?
I have experience in computer operation, proficiency in Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel.
I know in your resume that you have worked in your present company for 3 years. Can you tell me why you want to leave your present job and join us?
Because the job I am doing in my present company is of no challenge, but I like challenge. Your firm is a young organization with many innovative ideas. It has been very successful in expanding market since its establishment 10 years ago. Working for you would be exactly the sort of challenge I am looking for.
Well, I think our interview is complete then. We will give you a call in ten days or so.
Thank you, Mr. Smith.

Could you cover for me on Tuesday? I'm not coming back until Wednesday.
Sure. What’s up?
We're going to the beach for the weekend.
Are you going fishing?
No. Just some fun in the sun. We really need to get away and relax for a few days.
Well, don't worry. I’ll take care of the business for you. Have fun!

Hello, Steven. We're thinking of appointing an agent for our products. I want you to find one for us.
OK. What sort of agent, exactly?
The agent we are looking for will help us in Britain with publicity, advertising and so on.
OK. I’ll make enquiries.

I heard you will be going on a business trip.
Yes, I must go to Shanghai to attend a meeting about our plan.
How long will you be away?
Six days or so.
Who will take your place?
Harry. He has been assisting me on the plan.
Good choice. He is competent for the position.
Yes, he is familiar with the plan.

Thank you for your visit to our company. I'd like to make an introduction for you. Is there anything in particular you'd like to know?
Your company has a very good reputation, and I have been planning to visit it for a long time. What's the advantage of your factory over other plastics ones?
Our production speed is almost twice the industry-wide average. And we've already expanded the factory this year.
Could you tell me the cost of production per unit?
I'm not familiar with that part. Let me call someone in charge.

Hello, this is Steven. May I speak to Mr. Xu?
Yes, speaking.
I need to make an appointment with you today.
OK. What time is it?
3 o'ctock this afternoon.
I’m afraid I'll be tied up at 3 o’clock this afternoon. Could you make it 5 o'clock this afternoon?
Yes. That would be better.
Fine. Good-bye.
Good-bye.

The bonus season is coming. How much of a bonus can I expect?
I think you will get a big bonus, because you always have high sales.
I hope so. I think you will get a big bonus too. Bonus depends on your performance and you worked overtime almost every day.
Yes, I am expecting to get the bonus. I hope we will both get the salary and bonus.
Hope so!

Could you give us a detailed description of the properties of your product?
OK. The X2500 has the unique feature of providing better data flow with less input time. It will reduce your work load at the office.
Could you tell me more about it?
Of course. One of the real pluses of this product is that it is of very high quality, and of compact size. No one can match us so far as quality is concerned.
Can you introduce its price level to me?
We have this item in three price level.
We need the best possible quality.
That means this one.
I see, that's what I will order.

Mr. Simpson, if you are free, how about a lunch?
When do you have in mind?
How about Thursday?
That will be fine with me.
I know of a place you'll like and you have got to be there.
Good. I'll be there at 12:30.
OK, see you then.
See you.

Are you interested in going sightseeing, Mr. Simpson? I think you are here not only for the negotiation but also for sightseeing.
I heard that there are some beauty spots and places of historical interest in this city.
Shall we go to the Tiananmen Square first?
That's great. I trouble you so much. Thank you very much.
It's my pleasure. Shall we go there on foot? It's very near.
OK, let’s go.

Good morning, Mr. Green. Please have a seat. I received your resume last Monday and I would like to say I’m very impressed.
Thank you.
May I asked why you are interested in working for us?
Your company has an impressive reputation. My uncle worked for your company for many years.
Oh, did he?
Yes, but he retired 5 years ago.
Would you mind telling me a little bit about your present job?
I’m a senior broker in a large company. I deal with clients on a daily basis, handling all aspects of their accounts personally.
Do you think you are the right candidate for this position?
Yes, I do think I am the right candidate for this position.
Why do you think you’re the right candidate for this position?
Well, I have a lot of experience in this area. I have all the qualifications you need. I enjoy working with people. In my current job, I’m in charge of a team of eight people.
Well, you might be the person we’Ve been looking for. Do you have any questions?
Yes, if I were hired, when would you like me to start?
At the end of this month.
And how many accounts would I handle?
You’ll be supervising six brokers who manage a combined total of 310 accounts.
What kind of benefit package do you offer?
Two weeks of paid vacation in your first year of employment. You’re also eligible for medical and dental insurance. And we offer a generous retirement pension plan after 10 years of service. Do you have any other questions?
No, not at the moment.
Well, I’ll have to discuss your application with my colleagues, and we’ll get back to you early next week.
Thanks. It was very nice to meet you.
It was nice to meet you, too. And thanks for coming in today.

Could I ask you where the company is?
Sure. Our company is in Ericsson Tower, No. 12 Like East Street, Chaoyang District.
Can I get there by the No. 913 bus?
You can make it by the No. 913 bus, or by subway Line 13.

What should I prepare for the recruitment fair?
You should wear a formal dress and be confident.
What application materials should I take?
You should take several resumes and some copies of your graduate diploma.

Hello, Mr. Brown. How are you today?
I’m very well, thank you.
that’s good to hear. Shall we get started? I see from your application form that you’Ve worked as a maintenance man for over 7 years.
yes, that’s true.
what kind of work did you do?
I fixed many kinds of machine tools such as milling machines, grinders, welders, etc. I also repaired other things such as vacuums, toilets, locks, etc. I also did some electrical work. I took some courses about electrical systems.
That’s good. What kind of electrical work did you do?
I took care of commercial and residential coolers and heaters. I fixed many kinds of power failure problems. Some co-workers and I even rewired part of a building.
well, your work experience sounds good for the job we have open. Now tell me about the best job you’Ve ever had, please.
the best job? What do you mean?
like the job you feel the most proud of.
I think my favorite job so far was when I worked for Linaria. It was hard work but the people on my job crew were great to work with. We really worked as a team. I enjoy working with those people.
Tell me something about a time when you did something well, something you feel proud of.
I fixed a big problem with a machine and saved a lot of money for the factory. I got bonus for it.
that’s great. No wonder you feel proud of that. Now let me ask you another question.
Go ahead, please.
in all the jobs you’Ve had, what was it you disliked the most?
wow, this question is hard to answer. I don’t think I’Ve ever had a job that I really disliked. But I dislike work that is monotonous, always the same from day to day. I like to move around and do different things.
all right. Do you have any questions?
no. I can’t think of any right now.
you’ll hear from us by the end of this week.
thank you very much. I’m looking forward to hearing from you about this job.

What can I do for you?
I am coming to inquire about the information of the company. When was this company established?
Well, this company can be dated back to 1893, so it has a hundred years of history.
Really? That is amazing.

Good morning. I want to apply for a job in A your company as an assistant. Could you tell me the company address, please?
OK. Do yon have a pen and a paper now?
Yes, please.
Our company is in Pudding new area in Shanghai.

Do I have to talk to the interviewer or just leave my application?
You should communicate with the interviewer whose company you are interested in, and make a good impression on him or her. In that case, your chance of success will be greater.
What should I do in the fair?
You should take a look at all the companies, choose your favorite ones, go over to talk with the interviewer and leave your resume in the end.

Does your company have a large population?
No, It is a middle-sized private company.
Do you have more than 200 employees in the company?
Yes, there are approximately three hundred people.

What is the scale of the company?
It is a large-scale business, which has more than two thousand staff.
How many subsidiaries do you have?
There are over 20 subsidiaries around the world.

Excuse me. How long has it been since the business was founded?
It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998.
So, it has a history for more than a decade?
Yes. And it was incorporated with other businesses in 2008 due to the global financial crisis.

Are there any vacancies still available?
Yes. We need a plumber here.
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that, such as sales manager or regional manager.
I am sorry. They are not available now.

I saw a vacancy board outside for assistant. Has the vacancy been filled?
Not yet. But do you have any experience as an assistant?
Yes. I have a lot of experience in that. I have worked for the sales company as an assistant since finishing my university.
OK. It sounds fine.

What is your corporation website address?
It is'www. job. com '
Is there a dot after'com '?
No. I can text the address to you if you are not clear about it

What would be my daily duties?
Your job includes paper filing a lot. Anc you will have to check and fill the stationer cabinet regularly. Besides, you have to reserve the meeting room in advance if the are any important visitors.
Got it. To whom should I report?
Of course to me.

What would my new duties be?
Your main responsibility is trouble-shooting between top management and the general employees.
Will I have the chance to take business trip abroad once in a while?
Yes, you definitely will.

Hi, Mary, I have decided to look for a job as a salesman.
Good! Have you got the recruitment information on marketing?
Yes. I have found some through different channels.
Really? That's great! Tell me.
OK. The first piece of job information I got was from the Internet, and it is about selling medicines.
What do you think of this job?
I am not familiar with the medicine industry, and I don't think it fits me well.
Then how about the others?
Another is about electronic commerce, and its products are mainly large machinery equipments.
I have heard about electronic commerce, and many people say it has good prospects for development.
I also feel it's nice. I want to give it a try.
Come on! I believe you will succeed.
Thanks. You can also seek job information on the Internet.
Good idea. I will think it over.

What is my prime responsibility in daily work?
Your main job is serving the clients and giving them what they want.
What other things do I need to know?
You'd spend 30 % of your time on the computer. You may be bored with a job like that.
No problem. I am used to it.

Is it possible that I have a business trip abroad and work in American once in a while?
Yes. We are a foreign-invested company and there are many chances to go abroad.
Is there any training program for the employees to make a further study?
Sure. We attach great importance to the all-round development of the staff, and the development of individuals will motivate them to work more diligently and efficiently.

What are the requirements that you need to do the job?
We want someone who can operate the common office equipments and have special skills in photography.
I can handle that. I can operate word - processor, fax machine, photostat, and other office equipments.
What do you think of your own qualification?
I have a master's degree and I meet all the needs you want, so I am confident of doing this job well.

After the financial crisis, many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations. How do you think about our company?
The outlook in the future is very positive. Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely.
As the department I am applying for is expanding, I would like to contribute by effort.
Great. Welcome to our company.

How much money do you expect in this position?
With my experience, I'd like to start at 3,000 RIB per month.
Well, it is a little more than we had planned.
I think you will find I am worth it.

How many undergraduates are hired here each year?
Normally, about 60 people. But it may depend.
I see. What kind of backgrounds does the staff have?
About 20 % of them come from other countries and the others are employed from domestic universities and colleges.

How about your present pay?
Basically I get 5,000 RIB every month. It is a well-paid job with satisfying working hours.
What are your salary expectations?
I require 6,500 RIB per month as a start. This is my bottom line, the minimum salary I can accept.

Mary, why are you so tired?
I go to the personnel market every day, and put a lot of energy into it.
Why don't you think about applying for a job on the Internet?
On the Internet? I have never tried that way.
Well, it's very convenient and very popular now.
So how to apply for a job on the Internet?
Just get online and send your application through email to the employer.
But how can I know which employer is hiring?
You could place your job hunting information on the Job Wanted channel on a recruitment website.
Will the employers see my information?
Yes. If they think you are a fit, maybe they will contact you.
Is it safe to job hunt on the Internet?
If you log in some formal websites, it must be very safe.
I will give it a try at once.

How many candidates do you choose for the first round?
I have chosen 15 candidates. The first round interview is tomorrow.
The first round?
Right. We'll choose the 4 best candidates and have them come back for a second interview. The top one of them will be the one we will hire.

Excuse me. Do you mind telling me the time when the recruitment will officially start?
It will be held on October 15th.
Should I arrive early or on time?
You'd better be early in case that you may be late because of traffic jam. That will put you in a insurmountable place.

Mary, it seems that your family and friends have been calling you recently, am I right?
Yes, they have been concerned about me finding a job.
What do they say?
They want to recommend some jobs to me.
Really? What jobs are they?
My father wants me to work as a trainee in his company.
It's great!
My aunt says her company is in need of an assistant now, and she wants me to give it a try.
This is a good opportunity.
One of my friends tells me that his company is hiring in a large scale and he wants me to go for an interview.
You can give it a try! May be you will succeed.
I know. Let me think it over.
If you have any good jobs, keep an eye for me!
I will.

Hello, may I speak to Mr. Robert the Human Resources Manager?
Wait a minute. I will get him here. Sorry, he is busy doing something. Why don't you give him a ring later?
OK, that's fine. Thank you.
You are welcome.

When will the campus recruitment of L'Oreal being this year?
According to their scheme, it will begin on September 10th.
It is really early, isn't it?
Yes, it is much earlier than past years.

Is your website address'www. zhilian. com. CN '?
Not exactly. Our address is'www. zhilian-zhaopin. com. CN '.
I am sorry, could you repeat it please?
Of course. The website is'www. zhilian - zhaopin. com. CN '.

Mary, today a man from an intermediary gave me a call.
What did he say?
He said he saw my job-seeking information on the Internet, and could offer me an appropriate job.
What kind of intermediary is it?
It's a recruiting agency which specializes in introducing talented people to companies and businesses.
What job did he recommend to you?
It's on telemarketing.
Does he ask you to pay some fees?
No, he said the employers will pay for it.
Then what do you think about it?
I feel it is OK and I want to give it a try.
Sure, but you must verify that first and don't easily make a promise.
Of course, I will.
Good luck!

What are the branches of Operations?
Operations is made up of Manufacturing, Materials, Shipping and Distribution etc.
It seems that it is a key department for providing materials and transportation.
Yes, it is.

How do you understand the organizational structure of a company?
The organizational structure is the company's framework of communication and authority.
Is it true that just like a human skeleton that defines their shapes, companies have structures that define theirs?
Yes, you are right.

May I ask what the core value of the company is?
The core values are credibilities, team work, diligence and devotion.
Are they different from other companies?
Yes, we are a foreign-invested company.

What is the highest goal of your company?
The supreme goal of ours is to be in the leadership in marketing.
Well, it is a really high target.
Yes. We can make great efforts to make it become true as long as we have a clear goal.

Look, Mary! There are so many people over there!
Oh, I remember, there is a job fair in the personnel market.
I have never been to the personnel market.
Really? I have been there several times.
Are there many employers?
Yes. The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers.
So there will be many large companies in the personnel market, right?
Yes, there are many famous corporations.
When will there be a job fair?
Every Saturday and Sunday
Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market?
No, it's free.
How about going there to have a look now?
OK, let's go.

Do you know our major business?
Yes, I know it is one of the leading industries in the petrochemical field.
Do you have a long-term plan for your career?
Yes, I hope I will be a manager in 5 years.

What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation?
External factors. I think the main external factors are political, economic, social and technological factors.
What are the internal factors that influence the company?
The internal factors are composed of human resources, team spirit, innovation spirit and coordination between different departments, etc.

Can I ask you what the office rules are?
Yes, do you know the nine to five timetable?
Is it from 9:00 to 12:00 in the morning and 1:00 to 5:00 in the afternoon?
Yes, you are right.

I've read your resume and know a lot of things about your qualifications for this position. One thing you didn't mention is why you left your last job? I know the company you worked for is a good company.
yes, it's a good company. But the management changed last month. We didn’t get along, so I quit.
I understand. Why would you like to join our company?
I'm qualified for this position. And I've heard a lot of good things about your company.
Like what?
You take care of your employees. And your company offers good salaries and benefits.
that's good to know. Why do you think you’re qualified for this position?
I've got over seven years'experience working in this kind of position. I know I can do a good job in this position.

The operation in the lab is radioactive and dangerous, so work with care. Have you got ear muffs and gloves?
Do I have to wear ear muffs and gloves? I am not used to working with them on.
Yes, you have to. It is a safety rule of the company. You could not only lose your job but your hearing if you don't.
OK. I'll go and get a pair of them.

Hello, Mr. Smith, I am returning to Shanghai by the 10:00 plane. I am calling to thank you for all your help during my stay here.
Don't mention it. It's been my pleasure.
Next time you are in Shanghai, please let me know, and let me be of some assistance to you.
OK. I will.
Have a nice flight back, and take care. Thanks for your call.

Thank you for a lovely day. I really enjoyed it.
It was nice to have you with us.
Thank you for the picnic too. It was supper.
Not at all. It was a pleasure. Perhaps you will come out with us again while you are here.
Yes, I'd love to. Thanks again. Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Hello, Mr. Smith, Wang Peng speaks.
Hello! Mr. Wang. this is Smith.
I'm calling to thank you for the wonderful dinner I had yesterday.
It's a pleasure.
I'll come back to China tonight. I hope to see you again sometime.
I hope so.
I appreciate all help of you during my stay here.
Don't mention it.
Please let me know when you go to China and let me be of some assistance to you.
Yes, I will. Have a nice flight back.
Thanks, good-bye!
Good-bye!

Mr. Mass, here is a gift for you.
Oh. Thanks a million.
It's a souvenir I bought for you from Rome.
How beautiful! I love it at all.
I'm glad you like it.
It's very kind of you. I really don't know how I can thank you enough.
Don't mention it. Just a little thing I did.

Please forgive me for rushing into your room forgetting to knock at the door.
Never mind.
I'm so sorry to disturb you so early.
It doesn't matter.
I'm dreadfully sorry. I forgot to book the tickets yesterday.
Oh, it's nothing.
I let you down. I'll make it up to you somehow.
Not a bit of it, don't blame yourself.

I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting. I was delayed by something urgent.
You are not late, Mr. Thomas. There're still 15 minutes to go. Mr. White has just called you.
What did he say?
He said there was a traffic jam, but he is coming.
He shouldn't drive his car. He should come here by bus.

I beg your pardon for being late.
Better late than never.
So sorry, I don't mean to be.
That's perfectly all right.
Thanks for your forgiving.
It's really of nothing.
I'll work hard.
That's quite all right.

I'm terrible sorry. I seem to have mislaid your MP4.
Don't worry about that.
Very sorry that I have caused you so much trouble.
No trouble at all.
Won't you let me buy a new one tomorrow?
No, that's quite out of the question.
Please accept my deep apology.
I never did like this MP4 anyway. I won't hear of it.

I am really exhausted, you know, I have been working without the weekend for two weeks. My boss always asks us to work overtime.
Does your boss pay you for the over-time work?
No. But he provides free meals and sometimes gives us some small gifts. Many of us get very tired of this, and we'd rather have weekends than stay in the office.
He should know that this is against the Labor Law in our country. Legally, employees should get double pay if asked to do extra work during the weekend or on holidays.
We all know about that, but we have no choice. The chairman of the trade union says he is going to negotiate with the management.
I suggest that you go to the lawyers'office to get some help.
That's a good idea. I think we will soon come to a solution to the problem.

Where did you work in the past?
For the past 5 years, I have been in an Ericsson ( China ) Communication Co, Ltd.
What's your title in the company?
My title was Project Manager. There were almost 100 people under my supervision.

You look upset, anything wrong?
I'm going to quit the job.
Why?
The task is tough.
You'd look before you leap.
Thanks for your concern.

Where can I find information on this subject?
I'm not sure. Let's look up the catalogue.
Will you give some advice on this experiment?
I advise that step be taken in power supply first.
What's his suggestion for this work?
His suggestion is that the work be started at once.
The way I see it is that they'd join us.
I think so too.

Did you have any working experience during college?
Yes, I did some part-time jobs such as English tutor, salesman, and model.
What did you learn from your part-time jobs?
I learned to be patient, professional and gained a ll of experience of direct sales.

Excuse me. What should be included in my CV?
Generally speaking, a CV or resume is made up of 6 parts, personal information, educational experience, practical experience, personal skills, self-evaluation and job intentions.
What kind of personal information?
Including your name, sex, date of birth, height, phone number, and so on.

What should be put in my education background?
You are expected to write the educational experience about your high school and college, even the time span.
What do you mean by'job intentions '?
Job intentions refer to the kind of job you are eager to get, for example, accounting, marketing.

What is included in a job advertisement?
Generally speaking, there are the company, the job title, job description, requirement, and so on.
What are the accesses of the job ads?
There are many sources, such as newspaper, Internet and direct visit.

Hello. Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are?
Yes, of course. There are many steps. You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company. And wail the feedback of the company.
What is the qualification needed by the position?
You must have over 2 years'experience first.

Can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet?
You just need to send an application.
Do I have to send one by e-mail?
Yes. You are expected to know the e-mail address of the company.

Do you believe that classified ads in the newspaper are the most effective way to search for a job?
No, I don't think so. I think the Internet would be better.
OK, but I am going to look at the want ads in this newspaper first.
well, there is no doubt that many people have found jobs through the want ads in the newspaper.

Hello. Can I ask what steps I have to go through in applying for the job?
It is not very complicated. You can send your resume to the e-mail address of our company.
What is the next step?
Our personnel clerk will screen all the resumes that we receive, select the eligible ones and arrange the interview for them.

Hello. I am calling to apply for the job as an airlines staff. I'd like to check it. Is it part-time or a full-time job?
OK, the job is a full-time one.
What does the job description say?
We need a person with ability and flexibility.

I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter.
Yes, what do you want to know?
The information is scanty for me. And can you describe the responsibilities of the position?
Yes. Copywriters are supposed to design and write articles for the advertising company.

Hello, could I speak to Mr. Wang, the PR Director?
Yes, speaking. How can I help you?
I am calling to inquire about the position of PR manager. What requirements does the job need?
The requirements are strong communicational skills, management and work assiduously. And you have to handle the recurring crisis good-humoredly and discreetly.

What is your technical title?
I am an Assistant Electronics Engineer.
Why do you choose this field as your career?
I've wanted to be involved in engineering ever since I was little. And my study has equipped me with a career as a mechanical engineer.

Hello, ABC Company. Can I help you?
Yes, of course. I am calling to apply for a job as an accountant.
Can you name some courses you completed?
Sure. The main courses I took included commercial accounting, cost accounting, industrial accounting, electronic accounting, and so on.

What makes you think you are able to do the job?
My major is Automobile Designing and I have received my master's degree in science. I think I can do it well.
What kind of work were you responsible for in the past employment?
I am a student engineer who mainly took charge of understanding of the mechanical strength and corrosion resistance of various materials.

I am calling to ask the position of HR manager. Could you tell me more about it?
Yes. We are looking for someone who are well-educated and have all-round experience as a manager.
I have a master's degree in HR management in Peking University. And I worked as a HR manager in a European enterprise for many years. I know it is not just some clerical issues, but more social work with reason and patience.
Great. What about having a formal interview on Monday next week?
OK, thanks a lot. See you then.

What kind of qualities should a secretary have?
First, she needs to be hard-working. Second, she has to be able to do a lot ot things on her own initiative.
I am diligent and hard-working. Besides, I am good at both English and Italian.
Great. We will give you a chance to have an interview in our company.

What are your responsibilities as a secretary?
I did only simple things in the office, such as tidying up the office, serving tea, typing and filing, and so on.
What courses did you take in English secretarial studies?
I took such courses as Secretarial Principles, Office Administration, Business English, and Public Relations.

What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess?
Generally speaking, he needs creativity, the ability to communicate, sense of personal responsibilities, the ability to solve problems and so on.
Do you have all these qualities?
Yes, I have all of them. I am totally competent to be a senior executive.

Mr. Wilson. I'm very glad we reached the agreement at last. Now I'd like to propose a toast to the further development of our cooperation.
I'm very delighted too. I'm sure that we'll have a wider range of cooperation. So, let's drink to the signing of our contract.
Bottoms up!
Cheers.

Hello, this is Garry Hao. I am calling to inquire the position of English interpreter.
Well, it is still open. Where did you graduate from.
I graduated from the Beijing Foreign Studies University. My major is English Translation and Interpretation.
It sounds great. I will arrange an interview tomorrow. Can you come tomorrow?
Yes, I can. Thank you so much.

Why do you want to be a teacher?
It's a job I have been dreaming of for many years. While it is difficult, I am convinced that there is nothing more noble and rewarding than this profession.
Do you know about our school?
Yes, a little. I know your school is one of the best known in this town. There are about 200 children in the school.

What did you do at that company?
I helped my boss organize some grand ceremonies and maintained close relations with newspapers, magazines, the radio and the TV.
If a consumer complains about the quality of your products, what will you do?
If I am not in the service center, I will assist others in resolving the consumer complaints. And pass the criticism on to the relevant department.

Where did you work as a teacher before?
I taught English in a primary school in Beijing.
What teaching experience have you had?
I am equipped with much experience in teaching for more than 30 years and I also edit teaching materials by myself.

What characteristics should an interpreter own?
I think he should be an expert of everything.
Why is that?
Because English is nothing but a tool which is used when people may negotiate in international conferences, probe into physics, release some information in a press conferrence, and do anything we can do with language. Therefore, an interpreter has to know some expertise in the field he / she serves as an interpreter. Otherwise he / she can not carry out his / her work smoothly.

Do you have any certificate that has something to do with tourism?
Yes, I have the Tour Guide Certificate.
Why do you choose our travel agency?
Because your travel agency has a good fame in this market ; what's more, all the staff here are working very hard. I like doing some challenging job.

Well, do you have any experience in guiding?
Yes, but I only have few experiences. I guided a few groups of foreign tourists from America last winter vacation. I showed them around some places of interest.
What places of interest did you show them?
Too many. I will just give you one example, Huangguoshu Falls, the largest waler-fall in China.

First, tell me about your education, please.
All right. I graduated and got the degree of bachelor of economics from Nanjing University 4 years ago. My major is international trade.
Can you name some terms of payment?
Of course. Irrevocable letter of credit, confirmed letter of credit, transferable and divisible letter of credit are common terms of payment in international trade.

Have you ever been involved in the auditing work?
Yes, I have. I was employed by the financial section of the university ever since I graduated. I worked there for 3 years. Then I had worked in a bank for 3 years.
How long did it take you to become an auditor?
Very short time. I became an auditor within three months.

I want to find a job in your bank as an accounting clerk.
Do you know various funds and accounts?
Yes, I enjoy working with that.
Great. We have a very pleasant working condition and I think we have a fine staff to work with.

To start with, may I know why you are interested in working for our company?
First of all, as far as I know, your company has had impressive records in business. Second, I want to enter the foreign trade field.
What was your chief responsibility in your past work?
I am in charge of marketing activities in South-East Asia, for example, organizing trade conferences and arranging exhibitions.

Do you have any other questions?
Yes, may I ask something about the salary and benefits in your company?
According to our regulations, you will be on probation for the first three months.
What is the salary while on probation?
In this period, you can only get the basic salary, 2,500 yuan per month.
That sounds fine.
The salary will be deposited into the bank on the 15th every month. Your salary will be raised every year in October, depending on your performance evaluation.you can get a bonus once a year.and it's normally in December.
Are there paid holidays?
Yes, you may enjoy a seven-day paid holiday in the first year. After that, you can have two more days each year.

All of you have reported your achievements. I'd like to remind you that we must be aware of the threat we face.
The same with the previous speaker, we must know how things stand with us.
Yes, we must keep a clear mind with the tough competition.
It's the time to emphasize sense of crises.

I can see by your resume here that you studied business administration.
That's right.
So I wonder why you want to work for a newspaper.
I did reporting for the university newspaper in my school.And I always be very interested in journalism.
But journalism, it is a very different profession from administration.You know a lot about administration.Why don't you choose to work for a company looking for managers?
I study the administration.Yes.But I'm more attracted to writing articles. I want to use my knowledge of business to write financial news.
A new reporter must expect to work many hours.
I know that starting reporters work many hours. I'm very willing to take on the challenge.

First of all, thank you for accepting this job.
It’s my pleasure.
What are your salary expectations?
Would you please tell me about your pay skill first?
We’ll offer you a monthly salary to begin with, in addition, we offer one percent commission and all your sales. You also enjoy life insurance and health insurance. What’s starting salary would you expect here?
They sum my skills and experience. I’d like to start it with 4000 yuan a month.
That sounds reasonable.
Do I have paid vacation?
Yes, you have 2 weeks paid vacation a year, and you get it additional week after 4 years, and then again, after 9 years if you decide to stay that long, we promote from within based on performance, so there is an excellent chance that you could become a sales manager or even a regional manager.

Why have you decided to change jobs?
I hope to change because my current job is not within my chosen field.Since my major was international banking, I really hope to work at a bank.
Then, why do you want to work for our bank since it's a new establishment in Shanghai?
Because your bank is a new one, I think I'll be given more opportunities, and the working conditions and surroundings are so excellent here.
It certainly is. But the work is also hard here. You need to put a lot of hard hours on the job to succeed in this field.
I expect to work hard, madam.
Do you mind going on frequent business traps?
No, I enjoy travelling.

That is what we are pursuing.
We look forward to a further extension of our pleasant business relations.
A meeting will be arranged to negotiate the relevant stuff.
That will be good.

Good morning.So this is the first day for you to work here, I hope you'll like your job.
Good morning, Ms.Wilson. I've got a lot to learn from you. I think I'll enjoy working with you.
I hope so.Now let me tell you your duties here.This is your desk.Please sit down.
Thank you.
Your main duty is to answer the phone calls and transfer them to the person wanted.
I see.What if the person wanted is out?
In that case, you are supposed to ask the caller to leave a message.
Is there anything else I should do?
Yes, you are responsible for keeping all files in order.
All right.
If you have any questions. I will help you.
Thank you.

Hello.Is Bob there, please?
Hold on a second please. I'm sorry. He has gone out.
Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back?
He will be back at about seven o'clock.
Can I leave a message please?
Yes, certainly.
Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon.
All right. I'll tell him when he comes back.
Thank you very much.

Good morning.Wilson Association.
This is Mr Brown speaking. I'd like to speak to Mr. Thomas, please.
I'm sorry, but Mr.Thomas left the office a few minutes ago.
That's bad! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes, but your line has been busy.Will he be back soon?
I'm afraid not.He's gone for the rest of the day.
Is there anywhere I can reach him?
I don't believe so.He's going out of town on business.May I take a message?
I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock, but I'm afraid I can't make it.
Would you care to make another appointment?
Unfortunately, I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly, and I may be gone for several days.
I see. I can tell Mr.Thomas that you phoned.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.

My name is Helen Levin. I'm the HR director of our company.
Miss Levin. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.

I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson.
Sorry, but he's not in. May I take a message for you?
This is Robert Jordan.Would you ask him to call me back, please?
OK, I'll tell him.

Good morning, sir.Can I help you?
Yes, I'd like to see the manager.Here's my card.
Thank you, Mr.Wang.Do you have an appointment?
No, I'm afraid I don't. Is it possible for me to see him now?
I'm afraid Mr.Li is engaged at the moment. Would you mind waiting?
Well, how long will it be?
About half an hour.
That's too bad. I can't wait that long. I have another appointment at ten.
Can the Assistant Manager meet you instead?
No, I have discussed the details about sales of our new equipment with the manager on the telephone yesterday.
Do you want to make another appointment?
Yes, I suppose that's the best thing I can do for now. I'll be here on Thursday morning at 10 o'clock. Is that all right?
Yes, I'll make a note of that and ask Mr.Li to confirm.

Um, which of them is the better typist?
Well, Mary types faster than Jones. But I think Jones types more carefully.
Is there any difference in their short hand?
Jones can certainly take down letter more quickly, but Mary’s short hand is the best in her class.
How about languages?
Both of them speak excellent French. But I think Mary speaks German more fluently than Jones does.
Um. That doesn’t really matter. Because we have more French visitors than German.

Gordon, you're ever so late.
Yes, I am sorry. I missed the bus.
But there's a bus every ten minutes, and you are over 1 hour late.
Well, I missed several buses.
How on earth can you miss several buses?
I, ah..., I got have late.
Oh, come on, Gordon, it's the afternoon now. Why were you late really?
Well, I... I lost my wallet, and I...
Have you got it now?
Yes, I found it again.
When?
This morning. I mean...
I am not convinced by your explanation.

Good morning. Wilson Association.
This is Mr Brown speaking. I'd like to speak to Mr. Thomas, please.
I'm sorry, but Mr.Thomas left the office a few minutes ago.
That's bad! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes, but your line has been busy. Will he be back soon?
I'm afraid not. He's gone for the rest of the day.
Is there anywhere I can reach him?
I don't believe so. He's going out of town on business. May I take a message?
I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock, but I'm afraid I can't make it.
Would you care to make another appointment?
Unfortunately, I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly, and I may be gone for several days.
I see. I can tell Mr.Thomas that you phoned.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.

How is the project going?
Well, frankly speaking, I am running a little behind. It's 40 % done.
Do you have any problem during the process? You should speed things up.
I have little chance to communicate with colleagues when I have problems. They are always too busy to help a green hand like me.
Have you ever helped others when they are in trouble? Most will give a hand to someone who has helped him.
I did. But I am so depressed because there is nobody that will help me.
And you should have good co-operation with other colleagues, you know a scientific schedule brings efficiency to the work.
I see your point, but I seem to be on bad terms with them.
Cheer up and pay more attention to your colleagues and the things will be much better. I am speaking from my experience.
Thank you so much.
And you should read as much as possible to enrich the knowledge.
That's a good idea. I can learn many useful things from books.
We're approaching the critical point for success or failure of this project. you'd better speed up and catch up with books.
Well, I will do it better.
If you have any problem in your work, let me know.
Thanks very much. I promise I will work harder.

Hey, man, look, what's on the wall over there?
Don't you know that? It's all about new office rules.
What does it say?
It says smoking is not allowed in any private offices. It might be the most terrible thing for you.
I can smoke outside of the office. But what else does it say?
If you want to ask for leave, you should get the approval from the manager in charge of your department.
But if there is an emergency and the manager is of absence, what should we do?
The note says you should call your manager first, and then tell him your reason, and then ask him for the approval.
OK, OK, got it. By the way, what about the vacation policy? Anything changed?
No. We still enjoy 10 - day of paid vacation per year.
Can we have 7 - day holiday on National Day?
Of course. That's what we deserve.
That's great!
I have something else to remind you of. Don't be late, if you are late, you will be fined 20 Yuan per minute.
Are you kidding? I always get up late. Oh, my God. Can't believe that. That is terrible.
So remember to set your alarm clock.

How was Elvin?
Hey, look. My admirer has struck again.
Another note? But how? I didn't see anyone!
It's an e-mail. It says, We need to meet. I'll give you a sweet treat. It's not what you think.
Uh-oh. He's heating up. What are you going to do now?
You know what, I think I know who my admirer is.
You do? Who?

That's right. Once the contract with Stars.com is final, we'll deal with Zina.
I can't wait to see the expression on her face when we dump her.
Don't jump the gun. She's in the driver's seat right now. You have to be patient.
Don't worry. I'm patient, but vengeance will be mine.
Settle down, Elvin. If you're not careful, you'll give our plan away. Zina's smart, you know.

We're on the same team here, Elvin. I'm being nice because we need to get along together.
I know you, Zina. You're only nice when you want something.
If we want to beat WebTracker, we're going to have to work hand in hand.
To be honest, I'm starting to wonder if it's worth it.
You'd rather lose to WebTracker than do things my way?
You said it, not me.

Dave, there's something I want to talk to you about.
Zina, why are you whispering?
I've been talking to WebTracker. I'm thinking of jumping ship.
What? Are you serious? You'd defect to our archrival!?
Keep your voice down. We'll talk more later. Right now I need to see Vince.
We definitely have to talk, Zina. And watch your back. Elvin is still mad about his nose.
OK, but don't tell anyone what I said.

I can't stand the stupid guy any longer. It's unbelievable.
Oh, my dear lady, take it easy. You should forgive a green hand like him.
He does everything so mindlessly that he is going to drive me crazy.
I suggest you talk with him and teach him how to deal with the problems.
I've told him how to do that several times, but he's never listened to me.
Maybe you should communicate with him just like a friend, not a boss.
Oh, I always have difficulty in getting along with the staff.
Just take them for your good friends and have a talk with them as we do. Make sure you won't lose your temper!
Oh, so bad. I'm afraid I'll change the image of myself.
No, it's unnecessary. Just respect the staff and their own opinions.
But sometimes they offer some useless proposals, it's awfully useless.
Oh, no one is perfect.
That's right. I should speak to them in a polite way.
We have the equal partnership in team.
Thanks very much and you're very eloquent.
Thanks for saying that.

I was really glad to hear about your promotion. Congratulations!
Thanks, Jane. I was really surprised. I mean there were a lot of qualified people out there.
Sure, but the work you did was really exceptional! You definitely deserved it!
Thanks a lot.
You are always responsible and careful.
Jane, I appreciate it very much. I expect to see you get nominated pretty soon, too. You've been doing some great work!
Thank you. I'll try my best. By the way, when do you take over the new position?
Next month.
So what are you responsible for?
I'm going to manage the whole accounts department.
So you must get higher pay than before.
Yes, the company will also give me a prize of 1,000 Yuan.
1,000 Yuan? That's great! So...
OK, I know what you mean. It's my treat.
Really? Can I order anything I want?
Of course. Let's go.

Hey, Benjamin, have you finished your report on the project?
Not yet. To tell you the truth, I don't know how to write it. I've considered it for several days.
What? Man, you don't know how to write a project report? That's sounds a little bit ridiculous.
Don't laugh at me, please. I'm serious. I've never been required to write this kind of report before, I only do the research reports.
Oh, sorry, I've totally forgotten that you are a workaholic.
So what items must be involved in this report?
First is your final conclusion on your work of this year, and then comes your plan for the next year.
Yeah, is that all?
Let me see, no, you have to include more details about your final conclusion, for example, your experiences in dealing with some emergent events.
That's too complicated.
And only that doesn't make a perfect one, you also have to pay attention to the format of the report.
Oh, my God, is there any fixed for mat for it-the one that I just need to fix my information in?
I'm sorry. There isn't. Because different people have to write different kinds of reports.
But I don't know how to work the Microsoft Words. Could you please give me a hand?
OK, no problem. But you have to learn it and then do it yourself next time.

Good morning. My name's Jason Smith.
Ah, good morning, Mr. Smith. Nice to meet you. I'm Peter Anderson from Personnel. Do sit down.
Thank you very much.
Now, have you brought your curriculum vitae with you?
Oh, my CV. Yes, here it s. There are three copies.
Have you brought your certificates as well?
No, I haven't. I'm awfully sorry. Can I send them to you?
Yes, that'll be all right. Well, please tell me about your working experience.
I haven't been involved in international business, so I don't have any experiences, but I am diligent and I learn very fast.
OK, so do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English?
Yes, in most circumstances.Are you available for business travel?
Yes, I am young, and unmarried. It's no problem for me to travel frequently.
OK. You are good. Hope to see you next time. I'll call you if you get picked for next test.
Thank you very much. I'm looking forward to your call.

How is your job search 1 going, Janet?
I found the ideal position. I’m working for a plumbing company.
Are you serious? You studied mathematics at college for four years, and now you have a job working with your hands!
Plumbing work requires mathematics knowledge, and creativity. I love this job.
I can see that. But I didn’t know you had experience in that line of work.
I didn’t, but I applied for an apprenticeship, and since I studied math, AND I have a good attitude 4, my application was accepted.
Congratulations! You do have the right attitude.

I've been so tired recently. I've been trying, but I don't think I'm up to this job.
You need to take a break, maybe a vacation.
Oh, yes, indeed. I've run out of steam. To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes, I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes. I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that's terrible. Do you want to get a higher salary in our company?
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay.
OK, I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.
Thank you so much for your advice.
And every best wish for your new job.
Thank you.

Hi, have you got the exact number of people who are going take part in this activity?
Yes, there are 62 in totals, and 2 of them still can't be sure.
They always push the time. How many of them are over fifty?
6. So we should give them special attention. Some of them don't have a good health.
OK, I see. As far as you think, how many buses should we get for them?
2 should be enough, for each one has at least 30 seats. There will be some seats to spare.
I'll call the bus charter later. And have you announced the itinerary of this journey to all of them?
Yes, most of them think it's good. But, some people have different opinions. They consider we should arrange some challenging activities.
That's possible. At that time, they can choose any activity they like.
That's good. I'll tell them later. And what kind of medicine we should be prepared?
Let me think! Pills for carsick, traditional medicine for cold, some painkillers and something like that.
OK, we should get them ready this afternoon.
One more thing, have you got all people's phone numbers?
Oh, God. I've almost forgotten. I'll get it done right away.

Would you like me to type it for you?
Yes, please. That would be a great help. Are you sure you don’t mind?
Not at all. I’ll be glad to do it.
Thank you very much.
Shall I right out again first?
No, there’s no need.
Can I print it?
No, don’t bother. It’s all right as it is.

I haven't got enough for prosecuting him.
Why don't you find someone who is in the know.
I'm just thinking about that, but the trouble is, I don't know who is well in the know.
Did you ask his former sectary, Lora? She knows a lot about him.
Thanks for reminding me. She's the right person to help me.

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in. What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes. But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Well, thank you. Mr.Parry, for all your information. Just one more question.
Yes, sir?
Do you play any sports or games?
I used to play football regularly when I was at university. And I used to do athletics in the summer.
And what athletics did you play? Can you remember?
I was a runner-a long-distance runner.
And now?
No. I'm afraid I haven't had time since I got married.
Well, thank you again for coming to see us. But just remember that we like people who join the company to play in the company sports teams.
Certainly, sir.

It’s time for me to go now.
Would you like me to go with you?
I’d rather you stayed in the office and did these things.
Do you want to type that letter?
I’d rather you typed it.
Do you want to tell her?
I’d rather you told her.

Bob, did you see our supervisor? I need him to sign this paper.
He is in his office, but you'd better choose your words carefully while talking to him.
What's up?
Nothing. But he is in a bad mood today.
Thanks for the warning.
That's all right.

Have you found another job yet, Sally?
No, I haven't, but I've seen several interesting advertisements in the paper.
What kind of job are you looking for?
Either something in the hotel business or something to do with travel.
You haven't had any experience in either of those fields.
I know. But I'd like to try. Look, here are some advertisements that I've cut out.

Please take a seat.
Thanks.
Now what can I do for you?
Well, I'm looking for a job.
Fine, but first I need some information about you.
What kind of information do you want?
Well, first of all, your name. What's your surname?
Wilson.
And your other names?
Steven Michael.
Have you got your e-mail address?
Yes, It's Henrylee@yahoo.com.
How old are you?
Twenty-one.
Where were you Bron?
In California.
Are you married or single?
I'm single.
And what was your last job?
I was an office boy.

Good afternoon, Mrs.Vale. Please sit down.
Thank you.
Did you work as a salesperson before, Mrs.Vale?
Only as a clerk in a store.
I see. Well, consulting is a little different.
I'm a quick learner, Mr.Jenkins.
Umm hmm. Do you have a diver's license?
Yes, and I'm a very good driver.
Fine. We provide a company car for our consultants.
Do I have to travel a lot?
Oh yes-five days a week. You have to visit customers all over the territory.
But how will I get to know the products?
You'll have to attend a three-week course. If you do well, the job is yours.
How much is the salary?
Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions, of course.
How much commission do your consultants get?
Five percent.
Well, I'm very interested in the job.
Fine. The next course starts a week from tomorrow.
Thank you.
Good luck to you.

Good morning.
Er, good morning, yes, er...
I'm phoning about the job that was in the paper last night.
Oh, yes. Arm, well, could you tell me your name, please?
Oh, Candida Fawcett.
Oh, yes. Arm, well, what exactly is it that interests you about the job?
Well, I just thought that it was right up my street you know.
Really, mmmm. Arm, well, could you perhaps tell me a little about yourself?
Yes, arm, I'm 23. I've been working abroad, I'm um...
Where exactly have you been working, please?

Now, Mr.William, a little personal information first, are you married?
Yes. I am. Actually my wife is a teacher.
What's your major?
German.
How long have you been study in German?
Since I first met my wife, about three years.
And just one more question, would you like to be an interpreter?
Yes, I’d like to do that.
Very good, you can come here to work next month.
Thank you.

Well, how was the interview?
Not too bad, I suppose.
What did the woman ask you?
Oh, she asked me all sorts of questions. She asked if I smoked, and whether I played sports, she asked me where I went to school, and what subjects I took, and she asked me if I like to meeting people.
Did she ask you any questions about your family?
Well, she asked me if my parents wanted me to be a steward.
Did she tell you whether you would get the job?
No, but she told me to telephone her next week.

Hello. Is Bob there, please?
Hold on a second please. I'm sorry. He has gone out.
Oh. This is Paul. When will he be back?
He will be back at about seven o'clock.
Can I leave a message please?
Yes, certainly.
Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon.
All right. I'll tell him when he comes back.
Thank you very much.

Could you tell me what university you went to, Mr. Smith?
I went to Yale University.
Did you? And what did you study?
I have a B. A. in Economics.
Would you mind telling me how old you are?
I'm twenty-seven.
And could you tell me what other jobs you have had?
Yes, I have worked in a bank for the last five years.
And what was your salary at the bank?
I got $ 500 a week.

Mrcrabby, I’m pleased to see you.
I’Ve looked over your resume, ms.Jane. I see you’Ve already have quite a lot of experience in secretary work, could you tell me something about your talent with that company?
Oh, yes, I worked there for two years, just graduated from college.
En?
It was a good company to work for, I enjoyed my time with them.
You like that work?
Yes, I like it very much, the work was not very demanding, and the people I work with were friendly.
Why do you want to leave the company?
Because it is an age of challenges, I must accept the new challenge in my life.

Hello, may I speak to Mr.Baker, please?
Hold on a second, please. I'll see if he's in. I'm sorry, Mr.Baker had just gone out. Who's calling?
This is Jones. Can I leave a message?
Yes, certainly. What's that?
Please tell him to call Mr.Baker at the Grand Restaurant. It's urgent.
OK, I'll have Mr.Baker call you as soon as he comes back.
Thank you.
You're welcome.

Good morning!
Can I speak to Miss Cooper please?
Would you hold on a second, please? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged.
Engaged. Oh, dear! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call?
I'm sorry, sir. I can't interrupt her. I'm sure she won't be very long.
How long do you think she'll be?
I really can't say how long she'll be.
Can I leave a message, please?
Yes, certainly.
Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her?
Yes, sir. I'll ring her on an inside line if you like.
Thank you very much.

Can you type, Jane?
Yes, I can.
How many words a minute?
About 100 words a minute.
En... and can you speak any foreign languages?
Yes, I can speak Spanish, and I can also speak Chinese.
Really? that’s very good. What about French?
No, I can’t speak French. But I can speak Italian, not very well though.
... Can you start next week?
Next week?
Yes, on Monday.
You mean I have the job?
Yes, that’s right, you have the job now.

So will you back me up if things get ugly with Elvin?
I will if you tell me how you're so sure that we're going to come out on top.
We just will.Trust me on that.
After what you did, I don't know how hard Elvin's going to work to meet your deadline.
He'll do it. He's too proud not to.
You've got everyone figured out, don't you?
Yes, I do. Everyone.

I’d like to apply for a secretarial position.
Very well, do you know any shorthand?
No, but I can write very fast.
Can you use the computer or other office machines?
No, but I’d like to learn how to use them.
Yes, I see, this is a permanent position.
Can you work every day from 9 to 5?
Oh, no, I’m student at a university, and I have to study most of the time. I can only work part time.
I couldn’t possibly hire you. You can’t take shorthand, you can’t use a computer, and you can only work part time.

Hi, Zina. I had a feeling you'd be stopping by.
Then you've heard from Vital?
Yes.
Look, Vince. I didn't mean to step on your toes, but we need to be decisive.
I know it. WebTracker is playing for keeps. They'll go for our jugular if we give them the chance.
This is awkward, I know. I know you're upset. But in two weeks you'll be thanking me.
Maybe. Maybe I will.

I don't make idle threats.
I guess not.
I hope you're not turning into a sissy on me, Dave.
Look, I want to succeed just as much as you do. Well, maybe not quite that much.
If we let Vince and Elvin continue to run things, invoking is going to fail.
What are you trying to say?
I'm saying this ship needs a new captain. Are you with me, or aren't you?

May I come in, Mr Sun?
I’d rather you didn’t, Miss Yang. I’m very busy now.
Can I try later then?
Yes, of course.
Is it all right for me to come in now, Mr Sun?
Well, uh... I’m still pretty busy, but... all right. Come in. What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put info a transfer?
Yes. But why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well. You see, I don’t like the office. I don’t like the staff. And I’m afraid of you. And I don’t want to go one. So may I put info a transfer?
Yes. I’d be delighted if you did.

Do you really think we can beat WebTracker?
Of course.
How can you be so sure? Do you know something I don't?
I have a plan for handling WebTracker. Step one is the Stars.com contract.
What's step two?
Don't worry about that, Dave. Look, I have to see Vince now. Think about what I said.

I want to offer you more invoking stock options.
When you hired me, you knew you were going to be low on cash, didn't you?
Let me explain. To get more cash, I'll have to borrow more from Vital, the venture capitalists.
I know how it works. You don't want to give away any more of your future profits than you have to.
Exactly. Instead of increasing their position, I want to increase yours.

Hi, boss. You wanted to see me?
Zina. Look, I know when I hired you, I told you I'd pay you a salary. But I just can't.
Excuse me? I hope I didn't just hear what I think I just heard.
I know it's awkward, but you're going to be thanking me later. I'm going to make you rich.
You're going to make me rich by not paying me?

Please take a seat.
Thanks.
Now what can I do for you?
Well, I'm looking for a job.
Fine, but first I need some information about you.
What kind of information do you want?
Well, first of all, your name.What's your surname?
Wilson.
And your other names?
Steven Michael.
Have you got your e-mail address?
Yes, It's Henrylee@yahoo.com.
How old are you?
Twenty-one.
Where were you Bron?
In California.

Good afternoon, Mrs.Vale.Please sit down.
Thank you.
Did you work as a salesperson before, Mrs.Vale?
Only as a clerk in a store.
I see. Well, consulting is a little different.
I'm a quick leamer, Mr.Jenkins.
Umm hmm.Do you have a diver's license?
Yes, and I'm a very good driver.
Fine.We provide a company car for our consultants.
Do I have to travel a lot?
Oh yes-five days a week.You have to visit customers all over the territory.
But how will I get to know the products?
You'll have to attend a three-week course. If you do well, the job is yours.
How much is the salary?
Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions, of course.
How much commission do your consultants get?
Five percent.
Well, I'm very interested in the job.
Fine.The next course starts a week from tomorrow.
Thank you.
Good luck to you.

Can I leave early today?
Sure. I don’t mind.
And can I come in late tomorrow?
I don’t see why not.
And may I take Friday off?
Go ahead. It’s OK with me.
One more thing. Would you give me a ten-dollar raise?
No.

Good morning. Can I see Mr Jackson, please?
Well. Have you got his permission?
Yes. We have an appointment at eight o’clock.
What’s your name, please?
Robert. Philips Robert.

Good morning.
Er, good morning, yes, er...
I'm phoning about the job that was in the paper last night.
Oh, yes.Erm, well, could you tell me your name, please?
Oh, Candida Fawcett.
Oh, yes.Erm, well, what exactly is it that interests you about the job?
Well, I just thought that it was right up my street you know.
Really, hmmmm.Erm, well, could you perhaps tell me a little about yourself?
Yes, arm, I'm 23. I've been working abroad, I'm um...
Where exactly have you been working, please?

Hey Lisa... want to grab lunch with me?
Sure, Emily. We haven't done that in a while.
Yeah... actually, we haven't hung out at all recently. You seem sort of under the weather. Is there something going on?
Well, keep this under your hat, but I think I'm going to quit after New Year.
Quit this company? Oh... wow.
I know I should be pretty happy here, but I'm not finding the kind of job satisfaction I need. I'm a good graphic designer...
One of the best in the company.
That's kind of you to say. But... the stuff we do here hasn't really challenged me very much at all.
Oh, I get it. Simply put, you're bored, huh?
That's one way of putting it. For me, a job needs to stimulate my brain, otherwise it becomes a daily drudgery.

Good.Now what kind of job do you want? Mr.Wilson?
I don't mind really.Perhaps a job in a shop or a factory.
Well, I know Brown's Biscuit Factory are looking for a porter.They pay $ 200 a week.
That sounds all right.
Good.Now here's the address of the factory.The manager's name is...

No, Dave. I haven't wrecked my jeep. I'm calling to offer you a job.
With invoking? No, thanks.
I'd like you to manage a new online auction site we're building.
I'm not interested, Zina.
Don't play hard to get. The pay is good. You'd be working with Elvin again.
I don't think so.
Elvin doesn't hold a grudge, if that's what you're worried about.

Hey, Ken... I need to talk to you.
Sure... what's up?
Can we step into the conference room? This is a more private conversation.
Sure...
Ok... I'm just going to lay it all out on the table, What do you think of Vincent's management style?
Well, Vincent has only been CEO for a couple of years and... well... um...
I don't want to put you on the spot. Here's what I'm getting at, I don't think Vincent is the man for the job.
Really? And what led you to this conclusion?
As I see it, he lacks the proper vision. His style is more about survival, and he's not taking the company anywhere.He's treading water instead of swimming.
Well, I confess I've had my doubts about his abilities before. It seems he mainly got the job because his famous aunt pulled some strings.
I've been with this firm for 26 years and I'd hate to see it go down the drain due to poor leadership skills.
Me too. But what can we do? This isn't a reality TV show... we can't just vote him out.
Yes and no... We can't ask for a show of hands on who thinks he should be fired, but we can introduce a vote of no confidence at the next board meeting.
Interesting idea. You might be on to something.

But how did you know I was working for WebTracker?
When I was in LA, I met the WebTracker sales rep.
He couldn't have told you. Only a few people at WebTracker know about me.
The sales rep had a green note pad just like yours. He said everybody at WebTracker used them.
I can't believe it. I can't believe I fell into your trap.
We both may be snakes, Dave, but I'm just better at it. Among the snakes, I'm the sneakiest.

OK, let's find somebody then.
Good. I'll take care of it.
Wait a second, Vince. You know what? Why don't you let me handle it?
Are you sure? Do you have somebody in mind?
Yeah. Let me see if he'll do it, and I'll get back to you.
OK. Just keep in mind it has to be somebody who can get along with Elvin.
Don't sweat it. I know just the guy.

Come again? What are you talking about? Aren't we on the same team now?
Guess again, Dave. I have no intention of leaving invoking. Never did.
What do you mean? You didn't? Oh, no... No!
That's right, Dave. I tricked you into giving a confession. And I've recorded every word of it.
But how? So you knew all along I was with WebTracker? How did you know?
I saw your green post-it notes. Nobody else has them.

Do you want to know what really motivates Vince to be nice to me?
OK. What?
It isn't gratitude. It's fear. Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor.
You wouldn't do that. Would you?
I might. Vince knows he needs to keep me happy.
What about your accounts?

I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music.
You do? How are you going to contact him?
I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen.
What does it say? Do you think he'll see it?
He'll see it. It says, I like sweets. Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot.
Can I spy on you guys from the window?
No. But I'll fill you in later. Right now I have to find Vince.

Hi, Dave. You're early.
So you knew it was me?
I had an idea.
Look, before we get into the secret admirer thing, I want to talk to you about WebTracker.
I'm sorry. I know you feel betrayed.
So you're really planning to quit invoking and switch over to WebTracker?
My mind is made up.

My accounts go where I go. Vince knows that.
Wow. You are a real snake.
It's business, Dave.
I know, I know. Kill, or die, right?
Right. The faint of heart should not apply.
I really feel sorry for that rhumba boy if he ever identifies himself.
So do I.

Hi, Zina. Lots of people are looking for you.
Like who?
Like Elvin. He isn't too happy about what you promised Stars.com.
I've got it under control.
You do realize that it isn't humanly possible for us to finish by next week?
What if you had three more top-notch programmers to help you?
That would definitely make a difference. But Vince already said no.

Is it true that one of our competitors is planning to launch their tracking service next month?
That would be WebTracker. We're heard they're almost ready. That's why we have to finish first.
Or they'll take over the market before we even get started.
Right. And that would be a total giga-bummer.
I guess we'd better get back to work.

Who has been here already this morning?
Well, Vince dropped off some sales reports for you.Said you signed a big deal with HomeSupplies.com.
They're small fry. Tonight I'm going to LA to negotiate with Stars.com. That'll be big.
You're right. All the entertainment web sites follow Stars.com.
Who else has been here?
Elvin stopped by to see me.
Elvin? Which one is he?

Vince. We're both busy, so I'm not going to beat around the bush. I need a raise.
I can't do that, Zina. You know I can't.
Bull. I're done my research. I know you still control more than 65 percent of invoking options.
Who told you that?
That doesn't matter. I want at least 4 percent.

I guess I'm just a little nervous. I'm giving everything I have to invoking, and...
and what if it doesn't work out, right?
Exactly.
You need to quit thinking like a loser. invoking is going to kick butt. You know how I know?
How?
Because I won't let it fail.
But what about tomorrow? What if Stars.com decides to go with WebTracker, and not us?

I'm really confused, Zina. Will you explain all this to me?
Look, we need to have the Stars.com account, right?
Yes. If we get it, we'll really be set for success.
And to get it, we have to beat WebTracker to the punch.
OK, I'm with you so far.
That's why I promised that invoking would be up and running by the end of next week.

Hi, Jeny.Are still working?
Hi, Nacy.Come in please. I'm just putting away on my books.
So, you are leaving, aren't you?
yes, I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow.
How nice! I can see you are busying packing. I'm sorry to interrupt you.
That's all right. I'm almost finished.Do you need my help?
Yes, could you please go over this for me? and see if there is any mistake in it?
Oh. all right I'll read it soon.
Excuse me for taking your time.
It's nothing Navy.

Excuse me sir.May I come in?
Mike, you're late again.
I'm sorry, but my sister was ill, so I
Do you think I believe the story like that?
But it's true.
How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week?
That's coincidence 。
Ok, hold it. Remember to be punctual next time 。
I promise I will.
You'd better.

Jack! You've really done it this time.
What? What happened?
I told you to get this consignment out last week.We can't very well run a light bulb conference without any light bulbs, can we? What am I going to do with you?
Please, give me one more chance. I'll never let it happen again. I'm very sorry.
Well, I guess I could give you one more chance, but this is the last time.In themeantime, I hear that Tom who normally does night shift is taking three weeks'vacation, Can you think of anyone who would be willing to work nights while he is gone?
Um, me?
Bingo!

I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson.
Sorry, but he's not in. May I take a message for you?
This is Robert Jordan.Would you ask him to call me back, please?
OK, I'll tell him.

Good morning!
Can I speak to Miss Cooper please?
Would you hold on a second, please? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged.
Engaged.Oh, dear! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call?
I'm sorry, sir. I can't interrupt her. I'm sure she won't be very long.
How long do you think she'll be?
I really can't say how long she'll be.
Can I leave a message, please?
Yes, certainly.
Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her?
Yes, sir. I'll ring her on an inside line if you like.
Thank you very much.

Mr.James. I know that office hour is up now, but could you work during the weekend and finish the translations?
Well, unfortunately I have got something to do this weekend. But let me see...
Oh, I'm sorry.However, if you could help me out, I'll double the pay for the hours worked.
That's very kind of you.How soon do you really need them?
I'll need them for the conference on Monday afternoon.Do you think it can be done by then?
I'll try.
Thank you very much, Mr.James.

John, could you come to my office? I need to talk to you.
Sure. I'll be there as soon as I finish this document.
No.Come here right now.
OK.
What's the matter?
I'm sorry to say that we have to let you go, John.
Why? I work very hard.
Well, you're working very hard but not efficiently.And you don't work well with other employees.
Well, some of those other guys are not the same kind I'd like to communicate with, but if that's important to you. I'll try to get along with them.
I'm afraid it's too late. We are downsizing our workforce and you'll have to go.
It's unfair.
We can give you the option of residing rather than being fired, because it will look better on your resume when you apply for another job if you resign.
OK. I need to think about that for a while.
All right, but let me know your decision before the end of the day.

Hello. Green Trading Company. What can I do for you?
I'm Mr.Stephen's secretary. He has an appointment with Mr.Green today.
Yes. It'll be at three o'clock this afternoon.
I'm afraid we have to reschedule it.
Didn't we make that appointment a long time ago?
I'm very sorry. But Mr.stephen must leave for Hong Kong right away.
How about Friday afternoon?
That'll be fine.

Hello, I wish to speak to Mr.Zhang.
This is he speaking.
Oh, how do you do, Mr.Zhang? This is Mary speaking, I have a present for you from Wu of Beijing.
Oh, thank you.
Mr.Wu had told me that you were coming to Changchun. May I call on you at your hotel tomorrow?
Yes, it's all right. Shall we say two in the afternoon?
Great. Then I'll be at your hotel at two.
All Right.
How could I get there?
The hotel is near to People's Square. Its name is Bai Ju Hotel.
what's your room number?
It's Room 302 on the third floor. But I'll be waiting for you in the lobby, If you can't find me, please page me.
I'll do that, Mr.Zhang, See you tomorrow.
See you!

Morning, Tom.
Hi, Mary.
You seem to be in a hurry.
Yes. I’Ve got a meeting in a minute.
Okay. I won’t hold you up then.
Right. I’ll see you later.
See you later.

Welcome to our company.
I really love this kind of atmosphere.
An impressive officer is vital to the image projected by the company.
There are people everywhere.What's that girl doing?
She is dealing with customers and driving up new business. The guy next to her is in charge of their office computer network.
And what about that man there?
He is our accountant.
I see you have a coffee bar for a water cooler. The staff here must be comfortable. I think it really helps morale when people feel supported by their employers.
Indeed, they are. Keeping staff happy is the only way to keep them with the company.

Well, tell me something of yourself.
What would you like to know, Mr. Green?
What working experience have you got?
In 2004, I got a job in the sales department of a trading company near Guangzhou. I started a sales representative. A year later, I was promoted to the position of sales manager. I had that job ever since, which is just over a year now.
Oh, good. Irene, can you tell me why you plan to quit being a sales manager to work here as my assistant? Don't you like your present job?
Frankly, some part of it I enjoy very much, but I prefer something more professional. It happens that I have a friend working here in this company. She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant. I felt very excited at this news. That's why I'm here.

May I come in?
Come in, please.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but I'd like to ask when I will get a raise.
In 3 months or so.
You said the same thing three months ago.
Did I? Well, anyway, you will get your raise when the economy starts picking up.
You mean that I won't get a raise until the recession ends?
Yes.
I got the message. I'm quiting.
Nah, don't be so fast. We like your work here, but this company is on hard times.and I can't be handing out raises for anyone.
I've been here for 3 years, and I haven't had a raise in all that time.If you like my work, it should be reflected in my pay, and I feel it isn't.
I hear what you're saying, and I wish there were something I could do.
Very well, consider me gone.

To start with, may I know why you are interested in working for our company?
First, as far as I know, your company has had an impressive growth record.Second, I want to get into the foreign trade business.
Now you are with Quandong Company. What is your chief responsibility there?
I'm in charge of marketing activities in South-East Asia, for example, organizing trade conferences and arranging exhibitions.
Do you have any questions about the job?
Yes. Are the chances for employees to be transferred to overseas branches of the company?
Certainly. This is an international company, and ther're good chances for you to work overseas.
That would be good.

Mr. Black, I'd like to take some time off. I'Ve been feeling exhausted these days.
That's no problem. Let me see... You still have ten days annual leave left, is that right?
Yes. I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off.
That's long leave. How's your project coming along?
The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week. I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on.
Well, all right. But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave.
Thank you, Mr.Black. There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment. Mr.Smith will be in charge during my absence. He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients.
Great! I hope you have a good relaxation and come back refreshed.
I will. Many thanks, Mr.Black.

What kind of job are you interested in?
I want a job in which I can use English, I would also like to be able to have some responsibility in my work.
I really appreciate that I would expect my secretary to be able to work independently and take over some of my ordinary responsibilities, such as answering routine correspondence, taking phone calls for me and sometimes assisting me with personal affairs.
Yes, I see. In my previous job, I did typing and filing everyday.
Have you had any experience as a guide?
Well, not exactly, but I have shown some of my foreign friends around Beijing.
Once in a while we have visitors from abroad and I would like to be able to ask my secretary to take them shopping and sightseeing.
I think I would like that.

Is it all right for me to come in now. Mr. Sutcliffe?
Well... I'm pretty busy. but... all right. come in. What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now, what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put in for a transfer?
Yes, but why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well, you see. I don't like the office. I don't like the staff.and I'm afraid you and I don't get on. So may I put in for a transfer?
Yes. I'd delighted if you did.

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda.
Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over here is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding. Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices the managers offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

Mary, could you please come in for a short while?
No problem.
Mary, I'd like you to meet Richard, Our new executive in the marketing.
Nice to meet you, Austin.
Welcome to our department. I hope you'll like it here.
By the way, Richard will assist me in the planning work. I hope you can work well together.
Sure, if you've got any problem you can ask me.
Thank you.It's very kind of you.
Richard, Mary is a very helpful and experienced secretary indeed, and I'm sure you will find out.
Thank you, sir. I'll try my best to assist Richard in his work.

What sort of experience do you have?
I used to work as a mechanic and I was responsible for the maintenance of all the company vehicles.
Where was your last job?
I worked in Hanson Paper Company.
Why did you quit your last job?
Because the company is far away from home, and I have to study after work so I can't afford to waste time on the road everyday.

Good morning.My name's Pat Green.
Good morning.Mr.Green.My name is Helen.What can I do for you?
I read in the poster that you're looking for a student to work as a language assistant.
Yes.Are you interested in the job?
I think so.But before I apply, could you tell me more about the work?
Have you eve worked with tape recorders before?
I used cassette recorders a lot when I studied English in high school.
Good.There are many different kind of language labs, but ours is a small one.If you decide to take the job, I'll explain how to operate the system, Are you sure?
How many hours would I work a day and what's the pay?
Ten hours a week.From Monday to Friday, from 4 to 6 P. m., and $ 150 a week.
OK, I'll take it.
Fine.Please fill out the application form.

Good morning, I’m Daniel. I’m applying for the positon of manager.
Yes. Sit down, please. How did you learn about our company?
I got to know your company through such famous brands as LUX, LIPTON and WALLS. After making a customer survey, I was glad to find out how your products are appreciated by millions of Chinese.
Why would you like to work with us?
It’s the job I’m interested in. And your company is the best-known. Although I don’t have much experience as a manager, the job description you sent to me was very interesting. It’s a job I’Ve been dreaming of and I feel suited to fill it.
Oh, really? Would you transfer to another company if it is not what you expected?
I don’t think so. As the saying goes, A great oak needs deep roots. I’m really interested in this job.
That’s fine. Thanks for coming to see us. I hope to be able to let you know about the job within the week.

What a busy week!
Really! I've never seen so much work.
Right.How are you going to spend your weekend?
I don't know. I have no idea.
Would you like to play some tennis with me before going home?
I'm not good at sports, I have never played tennis, and I know I would be terrible.
You should try it.It's a great game. Come on, let me help you. I'm a good player, and a good teacher, too.What do you say?
OK, but don't say I didn't warn you.
That was a pretty good shot, Mary.
Thanks.This is fun!
Let me help you with your serve.
No one has ever tried to show me how to play a sport before.Maybe I should learn to do something.
Of course, you can.All you need is a little help and a lot of practice.
Do you really think I can be a good player?
Well, maybe not a Michael Zhang, but better than the average. Person would you like to play again Wednesday?
Yes. This has been fun.

How about your study at college?
I was doing quite well at college. I completed my MBA degree in international trade with first-class honors.
Why did you select your college?
I selected my college because it had an excellent academic reputation.
What do you like doing in your spare time?
My favorite recreation is cooking. I learned to cook Chinese dishes and western style dishes as well. It keeps me busy and makes me happy.

Why did you apply for the position?
I learned from your ad.That you will provide on-the-job training for new employees.This is just what I need, because I'm a recent college graduate. I have the necessary knowledge and skills but I lack experience.
What do you hope to become?
I want to prove my true value in the electronic industry, and hopefully in the near future I would be promoted to a higher position.
Well, thank you for coming.We'll let you know as soon as possible.

Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu?
My name is Liu Lichi. How do you do?
How do you do? Please be seated, How is your trip here?
Quite good, I think. I came here by bus, and it took me about 15 minutes.
Oh, yes.How old are you?
Twenty.
Hum, still a student?
Yes, I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics.
What subjects are you studying?
English, math, commercial and legal studies, and accountancy.
Have you had any working experience.
Well, I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays.
What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like sports very much.Besides that, I also like working on a computer in my spare time.
How are your English and computer skills?
I have passed the CET - 4 and 6.As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing.
Okay. Mr.Liu, we'll inform you of the results within a week.

Good morning. My name is John Smith. I'm an import manager.
How do you do, Mr. Smith? My name is Thou Hong.
Nice to meet You, Ms. Thou. We've learned that you specialize in the export of electronic products.
Will you please take a seat? Mr. Smith, have you seen the display of our electronic products in the exhibition hall downstairs?
Yes. I had a look just now. I found some of the exhibits of excellent quality and beautiful design. I feel we
Sure we can. You know, we've been in this line for more than twenty years.
So, Ms. Thou, we're a newly-established company, but we have wide connections with wholesalers and retailers all over America.
Good. We can hold more talks later on to iron out the details.
Sure.

I've run out of steam. To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes. I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes, I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I'm quitting because of the lousy salary and all the difficulties I have in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that sounds terrible. Would you be happier with higher pay here? I'm sure something can be worked out.
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We're going to travel south to find jobs that offer higher pay.
OK. I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you.However, I think you should work harder at your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.

Good afternoon, Mr. Yang. I'm Jill, Mr. Smith's secretary. Would you like to look around the factory first?
Yes, I would.
Now this is our office block. We have all the administrative departments Sales, Accounting, Personnel, Market Research and so on.
What's that building opposite us?
That's the warehouse where the larger items of medical instruments are stored. We keep a stock of the fast-moving items so that urgent orders can be met quickly from stock. ( in the workshop ) This is one of our three workshops. This is the delivery bay here.
Oh, I see.
The steel sheets and bars come in, as you see, in different sizes and are unloaded onto the delivery bay here. We buy them in from a steel works in Wales. This is the new conveyor belt we installed last year. We doubled our output in this department as a result.
Oh, really?
I'll take you to the assembly shop...

Have you worked out the offers. Mr. Thou?
Yes, we have. Here's our CIF quotation sheet. Please have a careful look.
Are the prices on the list firm offers?
Yes. All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation.
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices.
All these products are our best-selling lines. The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand. And we are always open to negotiate, especially on larger orders. What do you have in mind?
How long does your offer remain valid? I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan.
I understand. Our offer remains open for 4 days.

We have achieved great success last year.The most important is that we realize our strength lies in after-sale service.
Your achievement is obvious to all.
What we will do is to strengthen it.
Yes, this is also the competitive edge of our company.

This is our rock-bottom price, Mr. Lee.
If that's the case. there's not much point in further discussion. We might as well call the whole deal off.
What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price. The gap is too great.
I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible. How about meeting each other halfway?
What's your proposal?
Your unit price is 100 dollars higher than we want. Well, I suggest we meet each other halfway.
Do you mean a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price? That's impossible!
What would you suggest?
The best we can do is another 30 dollars off. That's definitely the lowest we can go.
That still leaves a gap of 20 dollars. Let's meet each other half-away again and split the difference ; I think this is a price we can both be satisfied with.
OK. We can meet halfway again.

Mr. Smith. could you give me your quotation for your bicycle A5, FOB Qingdao?
Can You tell me how many you want to buy?
100 for immediate delivery, and 500 in two months time.that's by the end of July
Well. then, 260 yuan each.
Since this is a sizeable order, I was thinking you might give us a 5 % discount.
I'm afraid we can't go as high as that. You know we usually don't give any discount. but considering the newly established business relationship between us, I could give you 3 % off the list price.
Only 3 %? That's not much. If you could make some concessions, we would probably buy some of your other products.
OK. OK. I don't want to haggle with you. Let's say, how about 3.5 %?
I think I can accept that.

Here's our sample room.
You've got a large collection of sample foodstuffs here.
Yes. We are exporting a wide range of foodstuffs to many countries. And the demand is getting greater and greater.By the way, which items are you interested in?
I'm particularly interested in shortbreads. Do you have some samples you could show me?
Yes. This way, please. Our shortbread is in a variety of flavors, such as almond, walnut, lotus seed, etc. And different packaging has different weights. We can make packages within a reasonable range of any size you require.
The small sizes are more marketable than the large ones for us. I wonder if Your pastry tastes better.
You are welcome to have a try. Here it is. Ours is of prime quality.
Oh, it's delicious...

I was told that your company had been in the furniture industry for many years. What kinds of products do you generally handle?
We mostly handle office furniture. We supply first-class furniture. Here are our catalogue and the pattern books. You can see the material is superior and with all the latest styles. Can you give me some idea about what you're looking for?
You know, we want to totally furnish our new office building. This is a list of what we need. Could you give me a ballpark figure for everything on this list?
The price varies somewhat according to the size of your order. Would you tell us the quantity you want so that we can work out an offer?
If the furniture is pleasantly designed and high-quality stuff, we intend to buy several thousand sets.
It's our pleasure to do business with you. We'll let you have the offer next Wednesday at the latest.
I hope you will make us your best offer, CIF New York.

How was your appraisal with the boss?
Oh it was really good. Do you know, he’s the nicest boss I’Ve had here.
Yes, I think he’s the most relaxed person in management.
What’s more, he said I was the hardest working person in the office!
That’s good. Maybe you’ll get promoted.
I hope so. Then I’ll be the happiest person in our office too!

It is so wonderful that this transaction turned out to be the satisfaction of both parties.
Yes. We're satisfied with the result.
I hope that we can continue our cooperation.

We look forward to your early reply and trust that through our mutual cooperation we shall be able to conclude this transaction with you in the near future.
Thank you for your consideration. We will inform you of our intention as soon as possible.
I hope you'll see that we are really doing our utmost.

We wish to express our desire to trade with you in leather shoes.
We are interested in this field.
Please inform us of your decision as soon as possible.

We hope that our cooperation will continue.
Of course. We both experienced a good cooperation.
We do think so.

We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future.
Yes. I promise it will not happen again.
We look forward to your settlement at an early date.
We will inform you as soon as possible.

We are sorry to bring you so much trouble.
We hope that this dispute can be settled through friendly negotiation without its being submitted for arbitration.
Yes. That's what we want.

We are sorry for our fault.
I do hope this undesirable incident will not stand in the way of our future business.
Thank you for your understanding.

I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible.
That's nice.
We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings.
Of course not. We have cooperated for a long time.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French.
You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than I read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter.
Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

What do you do in your spare times?
I have many hobbies. I like most all kind of sports, and I also like to listen to classic musics.
What sports do you like best?
Football.It's a very exciting game, because it keeps you alert, and I also enjoying the team spirit of football.
Do you like reading books?
Yes. I enjoying reading biographs, especially those of well-known statesmen, militarists, scientist and artists, I can learn a lot from their life histories.
Who are you favourite authors?
I like the novels of Dickens very much, I have reading almost all of them in Chinese translation, I wish i can reading them in the original.

What kind of personality do you think you have?
I'm quite active and energetic. I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done.
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted?
I'm quite outgoing i think. I enjoy mixing and doing things with others.
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy?
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends. A person can't live all by himself I think. A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have, the better.
What kind of people do you like to work with?
People who are honest, dedicated to their work and having integrity.

Which university did you graduate from?
I graduated from Peking University.
What was your major at university?
I studied economics, I am especially interested in the economic development of China.
What course did you like best?
I like Business Management, and i think it's very useful for the present work.
What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking?
I've taken courses on office administration, reports and correspondence writing. I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager, because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork.

Do you have any experience working with a computer?
Yes. I have been a data entry operator for three years.
What kind of software can you use?
I have working knowledge of Windows and Dos.Actually, I'm quite familiar with both Java and C Programming Languages.
Do you have any other computer qualifications?
I have an ACRE certificate, GRADE 2.
Do you know how to use a PC to process the management information?
I'm sorry to say I'm not familiar with processing management information, but I'm sure I could learn quite quickly.It can't be too difficult, and I've got a quick mind. I can handle any problem you give me.

Do you have experience in advertising?
Yes, I used to have a part-time job in advertising company.
What were you mean duties there?
I mostly did advertising planning.
What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have?
I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts, creative talent, and be sensitive to the changes in the market.
What was the most important thing you have learned at work?
The most important thing I learned was that I must continuously improve my abilities. Advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact in success. If I want to make in marking in advertising history, I can’t stop studying and creating.

What is your great struck?
I think I’m very good at planning. I manage my time perfectly, so that I can always get things done on time.
Why do you think you be a good fit or this job?
Because I’m very competent in this area.
Are you working under pressure?
Yes, I work well under pressure and find it dimly. However, I believe planning and probable management of my time can reduce tight deadlines.
Are you more a follower or a leader?
I don’t try to go ahead of people and lead them, I’d rather cooperate with everybody else and get the job done by working together.

Good morning, Mr. Smith. Would you like to see around the factory?
Yes, I would like to.
This is our office block. We have all the administrative department here, Sales, Accounts, Personnel, Market Research and so on.

Mr. Smith, do you like the hotel we booked?
Yes, we do. We like it very much.
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one.
Thank you so much.

Now please tell me something about your past work achievements.
All right, madam. When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store. I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 percent and profit margins from 50 percent to 80 percent.
That is quite an achievement! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience?
I don't think so. I'll create further achievement in the future.
Have you received any honors?
Yes. I got the title of Advance Worker in 2006.
Do you have any publications?
Yes. I wrote a thesis entitled On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy and it was published in China Daily.

That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored.
If I ordered a desk today, how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland?
Well, I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager, Mr. Yao. You'll meet him when we go over to the factory.

If we give you the job, what’s the most important thing you except to get?
Well, I just want to enjoy what I’m doing. it’s the most important thing to me.
Just this?
Yes, because I think being interesting thing is the best teacher. Or have more opportunities to have career growth.
Do you want to get a promotion?
Yes, of course.
Where would you like to be in 5 years?
In five years, I’d like to be a senior manager of this corporation.
How do you plan to accomplish this?
By doing whatever is necessary.

This is your schedule.
You're going out of your way for us, I believe.
You are our honored guests.

Mr. Smith, welcome to our factory.
I've been looking forward to visiting your factory.
You'll know our products better after this visit.

Mr. Smith, this is your schedule.
OK. Let me see.
Do you have any different ideas?

What's that?
These drawings on the wall are process sheets.
Oh.
They describe how each process goes on to the next.

Is there any way of ensuring we'll have enough time for our talks?
I am sure we do have.
So our evenings will be quite full then?
If you want some changes, just tell me.

An interesting meeting, isn't it?
Yes, very. I thought the last speaker was especially good.
Let me introduce myself, by the way, my name is Dick Brown.
How do you do? I'm Mary Green.
Sorry, what was your last name again?
Green, G-R-E-E-N, but just call me Mary.
OK. I'm Dick.
Glad to meet you.

Here's a model of our latest design. What do you think of it?
Well, I'm not too happy about it.
What's wrong with it?
Well, I'm afraid it's not at all what I wanted. You haven't really followed my instructions.It'll have to be done again.
Oh, dear!

May I take the liberty to introduce myself to you? My name is Dick Brown. I am the sales manager of our company.
How do you do?
How do you do?

Hello. Is Vanessa there?
Yes. This is Vanessa.
Hi, Vanessa. I’m Don. I’m calling from Seller’s Market. Are you still interested in a position as a cashier?
Yes. Is the position available now?
Yes, it is. Please come to see me tomorrow afternoon at 2 00 for a job interview.
Thanks a lot.
You’re welcome. I’ll see you tomorrow at 2 00.
I’ll see you then. Good bye.

Hello. Can I speak to Kevin, please?
This is Kevin.
My name is Joan Harris. I’m calling from St. Johns Hospital. Are you still interested in a job as a service technician?
Yes.
I have good news for you.You’Ve got an interview. Can you come to the Human Resources Office on Thursday at 9 30 am?
wow! That’s great. Sure, I can. Where is the Human Resources Office?
345 Stony Creek Avenue.
Thank you very much. I’ll be there on time.
Excellent. I’ll see you on Thursday at 9 30.

Our company is going to do some cutbacks soon.
Really? Where did you hear that?
I met with the supervisor just this morning. I don't know, but I am a little worried. Who do you think will get sacked?
I'm not sure... well, first, it couldn't be George. He is such a kiss-ass. He'd wash the boss's dog if he asked.
No, it's not going to be George. I don't think it's Andy either. He is involved with the boss's sister in-law. And you know how whipped our boss is.
That's true. What about Lisa? I bet there's nobody who could do a worse job than her.
Lisa? No way. I've heard a rumor that she and the boss were having an affair. You know rumors can't come out from nowhere.
Well, okay. Then there is still Michael. But he's the boss'pet after having the best sales record for three months in a row. It definitely won't be Michael.
No, that would be crazy. But then who will it be? Oh dear, it must be me. I should have known it! Why else would he have talked to me alone about the downsizing. What should I do? I've got a family to support.
Well, it could be me too. But I am not too worried. This place is suffocating me with this boss being such a hard-ass and colleagues who barely know how to get dressed in the morning. It would almost be a blessing to be fired from this place.

Where are you from?
I'm from Germany.
So you speak German, don't you?
Yeah, but I can speak English, too.
Oh, I see. What other languages can you speak?
A little French.
Good.

Hi, Mary, can I have a minute?
Sure, what's up?
Well, actually I want to tell you that I've put in notice.
Really? Why?
Many reasons. I've been here for too long. Next year will be my five-year anniversary. I want a change of setting. Besides, our company is downsizing. I don't want to stay on just to be let go.
But they wouldn't lay you off! You are the most experienced project manager in the company.
Maybe. But that's not kept the new boss from breathing down my neck. To be honest, I've got a better offer from another company.
Oh that's great, congratulations! What's your new position?
Senior director of market research. In addition to a nice pay rise it has some nice perks, like a company car, one month paid vacation, and an apartment downtown. And it's an international company so I'll have lots of chances to travel and meet new people. I'm really looking forward to it.
Sounds a great opportunity. I bet that made the decision to leave a lot easier.
Indeed. But let's stay in touch. I'll let you know how things go.
Sure.

Good morning, Mr. Smith.
Good morning, Jamie. What time is it now?
It is 9 o'clock now.
I see. What is today's schedule?
You have two meetings today. One is at 10 am, and the other is at 2 pm. After the meeting, you will have dinner with Mr. Brown at the Chinese restaurant in Sister Hotel.
OK. Can you prepare things for the meeting in the meeting room? Make enough copies of the handouts.
No problem. Do you need the OHP?
Yes. I am going to show them some slides in the meeting. Can you call Mr. Brown to remind him of the dinner this evening?
OK. Do you want to ask the receptionist to wait for our customers at the receptionist counter before the meeting?
That would be great! You are really a good employee.

Have you found another job yet, Sally?
No, I haven't, but I've seen several interesting advertisements in the paper.
What kind of job are you looking for?
Either something in the hotel business or something to do with travel.
You haven't had any experience in either of those fields.
I know. But I'd like to try. Look, here are some advertisements that I've cut out.

In order to extend our export business to your country, we wish to enter into direct business relations with you.
It's our pleasure.
Our hope is to establish mutual beneficial trading relations between us.

Hello, this is ABC Corporation. May I help you?
Yes, I’m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today’s newspaper. Is this position still open?
Yes, but do you have any experiences as a sales manager?
Yes, I have a lot of previous experiences in sales. I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university.
That sounds fine. Please give me your name and phone numbers. I’ll set up an appointment for an interview for you. It will most likely be in a couple of days. Is it all right for you?
Yes, my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870.
Thank you.

Why did the boss come down on Joe like a ton of bricks.
He spoke evil behind his back.
How did he know that he had bad mouthed him?
Someone told joe off.
He is then in a very difficult situation.
Sure. He’ll get the bag. I think.

Excuse me. Do you mind if I ask some things about work for this company?
Not at all. Go ahead.
I've heard that the company is very strict with its staff.Is that true?
Not really, so long as you follow all the regulations.
If you make mistakes in your job, you'll be fired. Is that right?
No. Everyone has a chance to correct his or her mistakes. The most important thing is to be responsible for your work.
Working here involves a busy schedule and overtime.Is that true?
Yes.That's true. We are always busy. The company attaches great importance to high efficiency. Sometimes we have to work overtime, but not always. And we have extra pay for extra work.
It seems that working in a foreign enterprise is not the same as I expected. Thank you for your help.

Who is on duty?
I am, sir.
Your duty is to keep a check on those prisoners from now on.
Yes, sir.

We have successfully fulfilled our work plan. In fact, we are No. 1 in terms of market share.
You have gotten amazing success. Congratulations!
I hope we can continue to get support from the departments concerned.
Without a doubt. Relevant department will try their best.

What are the requirements to apply for the position?
Your major must be computer.
Do you think my educational background suits this position?
Yes, I’m quite satisfied with your qualifications.
Does this job require that new employees take any kind of training course?
Generally speaking, training new members is usually necessary. We offer our new employees a one-week training course.
Could you tell something about the job?
Yes, of course. You will be responsible for the designing and developing new products and also be in charge of the evaluation of the software programs including complex software systems to ensure product features and operation complaints.
Oh, I see. I believe I can do the job well.

Most of our customers are foreigners. How many foreign languages can you speak, Elizabeth?
Two. French and Spanish.
And how well can you speak them?
Well, French was my best subject at school. I can read and write it pretty well.
And how about your Spanish?
Well, it's not as good as my French. I can speak it reasonably well, but my written Spanish isn't very good.
I see. Well, we have a lot of Spanish customers, but you wouldn't need to write any Spanish here.
In that case, I'm fit for the position I think.

How will you ship the order?
Air freight is the quickest and safest way, I think.
But the freight cost will be higher and that will affect the retail price.

Can you tell me a little bit about yourself?
I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company # for approximately 10 years.
Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills.
I am looking for a growth opportunity, which I feel is not available at my current employer. In terms of skills, I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating systems.
Where do you see yourself five years from now?
I see myself in a management position.

Could you do something to advance your shipment?
It's hard to say. But why?
We expect the goods to be on the market before the end of December to catch up with the Spring Festival sales.
I can understand your position. We can not make any promise, but we'll try our best.

What's combined transportation?
If the goods are to be transshipped from one means of transportation to another during the course of the entire voyage, it's called'combined transportation '.
Why is it necessary?
It's simpler and cheaper to arrange multi-model combined transportation.

We'd better have a brief talk about the loading port.
We are always willing to choose the big ports as the loading ports.
What's your unloading port, please?
As most of our clients are near Tianjin, we'd like to appoint Tangle as the unloading port.

When do you plan to deliver the goods?
This weekend.
Please pay close attention to the safety of the shipment.
Don't worry about that.We have experience.

May I know how long will it take to get some more in from the factory?
About 3 weeks.
When will you be able to deliver?
By the end of this month, at the latest.

I'm calling to tell you that the merchandise ordered last month has not arrived yet.
I'm sorry, hold on a moment. I'll check it out. But we have already shipped it to you last month. Would you like us to contact the express company to know what's going on?
Please find out the reason as soon as possible. We are in bad need of it.
Ok, I am terribly sorry for the trouble you are getting into.We will contact you first thing, once we know the reason.

May I know the definite date of delivery?
Let me check.Well, in October.
Is there any possibility for you to ensure prompt shipment?
We assure you that shipment will be made no later than the first half of October.

What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well?
First, I'd make sure that we have a good, local, corporate lawyer. He or she will know all the local laws and regulations.
That’s very important. A friend recommended a good law firm to me. We’ll need someone to hire staff.
I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that. I don’t think we should use an agency, because they won’t be familiar with the type of people we employ. Have we decide on the location of the branch office?
Yes. We have. We chose the location in the northeast of the city, not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD.
Why didn’t we choose an office in the CBD?
The offices there were too expensive. Have we negotiated any contracts yet?
Yes. We’Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries. We hope to sign another three this month.
When will the branch office open?
Hopefully next month. Everything is a little rushed. We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly.
Has and advertising campaign been prepared?
Yes, it has. We’re going to target the business community through business magazine.
I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy. We should be able to get plenty of customers.

If we give you the job, what’s the most important thing you except to get?
Well, I just want to enjoy what I’m doing it’s the most important thing to me.
Just this?
Yes, because I think being interesting thing is the best teacher. Or have more opportunities to have career growth.
Do you want to get a promotion?
Yes, of course.
Where would you like to be in 5 years?
In five years, I’d like to be a senior manager of this corporation.
How do you plan to accomplish this?
By doing whatever is necessary.

Well, tell me something of yourself.
What would you like to know, Mr. Green?
What working experience have you get?
In 2004, I got a job in the sales department of a trading company near Guangzhou. I started a sales representative. A year later, I was promoted to the position of sales manager. I had that job ever since, which is just over a year now.
Oh, good. Irene, can you tell me why you plan to quit being a sales manager to work here as my assistant? Don't you like your present job?
Frankly, some part of it I enjoy very much, but I prefer something more professional. It happens that I have a friend working here in this company. She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant. I felt very excited at this news. That's why I'm here.

What is your great struck?
I think I’m very good at planning. I manage my time perfectly, so that I can always get things done on time.
Why do you think you be a good fit or this job?
Because I’m very competent in this area.
Can you working under pressure?
Yes, I work well under pressure and find it dimly. However, I believe planning and probable management of my time can reduce tight deadlines.
Are you more a follower or a leader?
I don’t try to go ahead of people and lead them, I’d rather cooperate with everybody else and get the job done by working together.

Billy, you are late again.
I'm sorry I'm late. I overslept. Is the manager here today?
Yes he's in his office.
Oh, I hope he didn't notice me.
Don't take any chances. It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again. He's already mad at you for last 2 times. Any more and he might fire you.
You said it. It won't happen again. Do you really think he'd fire me?
I think he might. You'd better go to his office.
You are probably right. I'll go right now and apologize. I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic.
Good luck!

A :: You must be Wily. It's nice to meet you.
B :: Nice to meet you, Mr. Wilson.
A :: Tim, please. Please be seated.
B :: Thank you.
A :: So, Wily, you have been with IBM for two years, ready for change?
B :: Well, I think I'm ready for new challenges.

OK, so now the last point on our agenda. Jill, let's go over the profit and loss statement.
Great. Well, the main issue here, as you can see is that our expenses are through the roof.
Let’s see... These numbers are off the charts! What's going on here!
Well, um, sir, the company expenditures on entertainment and travel are out of control. Look at these bills for example. Just this month we’Ve paid over twenty thousand dollars for hotel charges!
OK, thank you. I’ll look into it.
The list goes on and on. Here, this is a bill for five thousand dollars for spa treatments!
Thank you, that will be all. I’ll take care of it.
Look at this one sir, eight thousand dollars were spent in one night at a place called ” Wild Things ”?!
OK, I get it!! Thank you for your very thorough analysis!

How do you think the report I wrote?
Not bad. But there is more room for improvement.
I jumped the gun.
There were some gaps in your report. Please be more sorrow.
Yes, I overlooked some facts. I’ll be more sorrow.

How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever?
With the fifty forwards he sent out today, maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired.
I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime.
Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic?
He must have just got online for the first time last week. He still thinks it's some kind of new toy.

So Vicky, how long have you held your present position?
I’Ve been a secretary for two years, before that I was at university.
And how do you like working for IBM?
It’s challenging, I feel I have learned a lot.
What’s strength do you bring to the job?
I get along well with people, and I enjoy working with others.
That’s good. We always need team players here.

You look very professional in the suit.
The company regulates that men should wear a suit and tie in business meeting. Company policy is not negotiable.
I appreciate it. It is related to company image.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

I met a girl in elevator this morning. She works in a company upstairs. She said she envied the casual way we dress for work. She complained about the dress rule in her company. It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday.
Well, I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from. Now, I know the answer.
You know, in a sense, a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July, and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees. Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule, isn’t that strict?
To some extent, it is. Anyway, whether they like it or not, they do give people a very good impression.
But it is unjust to judge a book by its cover. If they’re not happy or comfortable with their clothes, they can be less productive.

How do I submit an expense report?
You need all your receipts for reimbursement.
You mean I have to attach the receipts with the expense report?
Yes, here is the form for an expense report. Fill it out and give it to me. I’ll get it signed for you.

Let’s call it a day.
It’s nice to go home earlier once in a while. But now it’s the evening rush.
It’s hard to commute a long way.
Sure it is. I really hate to get caught in a traffic jam.

Are you familiar with the office management?
I have done something like that before.
Are you still interested in it?
I think I am. I left the job only because it was too far from my home.

Did you sign up for the picnic party?
Yes, of course. I love the picnic party. It’s really family fun time.
This time you can bring your daughter with you.
Right, she is so excited and simply can’t wait.
There are times of games planned, should have a grand time.

We need to know whether you have the special training.
Actually, I received that kind of training when I was in college.
How about your experience?
I worked as a PR clerk for one year

We need a person who knows how to operate and repair all kinds of office appliances.
I used to hold a similar job for six years.
So you're quite confident in your experience and skill
I think so.

May I have your resume, please?
Yes, I need a job that can give full play to my skills.
Do you like a job in a library, working with books?
I like peace.As a matter of fact, I once had a job in a library.

One thing I love our boss for is that he always knows when to give you a pay raise without being asked for.
Really? How can he be so sure about the timing?
He just knows either by your excellent performance at work or by the annual review.
Well. This must save lots of employees from worrying about how to write a salary increase letter. You know how tough it is. Do all the employees receive the same pay increase annually?
Actually not! Our company pays for performance.
I like this system. It will encourage the best employees and motivate those who want to make a change at work.

Congratulations, Francis. Your hard working finally pays off. I am so happy for your promotion.
Thanks, Monica. Without support from you and other colleagues, I would not have made it.
I hope I could get promoted some day. Tell me about your experience, ok?
Well, just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough, you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective. Don’t be afraid of taking challenging. They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal. You learn more from that actually. Sometimes, you need to fail to be successful.
How do you think if I volunteer for some work?
I think it is a smart idea. Our boss always likes it when employees take initiatives.

Francis, you have done an outstanding work in the past six months. In view of your achievement, I trust you’re now indispensable part of our company and you deserve an officer director title.
I am so happy to know that I could make some contribution to our company.
This title does not only give you a raising pay-check, but also increase responsibilities. Congratulations, and hope the best for you.
Thank you, I will be doing my best.

My computer isn’t running at the same speed it used to be, it is testing my patience everyday. Can you tell me how to make it run faster?
If you want to speed up your system, you’Ve got to clean it up first.
How?
You need to free your disk space. The simplest way is to use a Disk-Cleanup tool to remove temporary files and in store programs that you no longer use. Things should be fine next time you start. You also need to control what starts up. There is a program calls Start-up Delayer, It can help to set after how much time programs should be loaded after Windows boosts. For example, you can choose to set your Fox Mail program to load 30 seconds after Windows starts up.
Very useful advice, I will try them right now.

You have been doing a great job this year and I am very satisfied with your work.
I am very happy to know my work could be recognized by you and our company.
Based on your contribution, I would like to give you a pay raise. Your monthly salary will be increased by 800 Yuan. This increase includes an 80 % married increase based on your achievements and increase responsibilities and then the additional 20 % increase were reflecting the changes in cost of living.
I really appreciate it. Thank you.

Could you please cover for me two hours this morning?
Sure. Any specific reason I should know about in case people ask where you are.
I have to see the dentist. We have an appointment for this morning from 9 to 11 o’clock. So if there is any phone call, please pick up for me. If there is something urgent, tell them I will be back in two hours.
No problem. Good luck.
Yes, I will need it. Thanks.

Hi, Lucy, you are very popular with people around you, what are your tricks?
Thank you for saying so. I don’t know, probably because I like sharing my experience and knowledge with them. I think this kind of communication helps to improve our work efficiency and also helps to get along with colleagues.
Sharing knowledge can be very settled and some second stances. People may think you are telling them how to do their work. If they take it personally, they feel angry at you and even become reluctant to support you at work.
That is true. Some people will misunderstand your intention and lets you do it in the long threatening way. For example, it is not sensible at all to arguing with the others or correcting someone in front of other people. To show your friendliness and willingness to share is much more important than to show off.
You are quite right. Thank you for sharing your experience with me. I learned a lot.
You’re welcome.

You look really wiped out?
I had meetings back to back all morning. And phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office.
Not a good day. I hate to tell you that Mr. Thomas wants to see the profit’s statement for new project tomorrow morning.
I can’t believe it. I guess I’ll be here until 10 again tonight.

Could I ask you for a favor? My laser printer is out of ink and I need to print out something urgent. If you don’t mind, I would like to send you these files. Could you then print these for me?
Sure, just send me through internal mail.
Thanks, Vivian.
No problem at all. Welcome.

Hi, still in the office? It’s already 7.
I would like to go but I have to finish a very important presentation. Our boss needs it for tomorrow’s morning meeting and I was given the complete information only late this afternoon.
Sounds like our boss. Typically him always late with important information. Anything I can help?
Oh, that will be great. Thank you so much. Please help me to double-check the name list. I have to make sure they are all correct.
Ok, shall I make a coffee first?
Not for me. It is already late. I can not fall asleep after drinking coffee this late.

Hi, Francis, morning! How are you doing today?
I had a bad start of the day. I was stuck in a bad traffic jam on my way and I missed my morning meeting.
Indeed, I agree that is not a good start. How about the meeting? You missed anything important?
It is ok. My boss briefs me later on.
Was he unhappy with you not attending the meeting?
Err, kind of. You know this traffic jam is really bad with so many new cars hitting the streets these days.

Did you punch in?
Yes. By the way, you are having a great make-up today. I like the color of your lipstick. So adorable!
Really? It took me really a while to find the color. I am happy you like it.
Well, girls like us are happy to spend our time on those kinds of things. Actually, do we still have a meeting this afternoon?
Sure, when those never ending meetings.

Hello, Mr. Thomas. Could you spare a minute?
What do you need?
I need to talk to you about that new driver you’Ve hired. I think I am going to have some problems working with him.
He seems to be quite qualified. If it is a personal problem I preferred if you would work out between yourselves.

Look, here is a very special business card from an illustrator. Every time I go through my book of business cards, I will notice it. It is an eye-catching one.
Wow, fantastic. I like the font and color for his name. It is creative yet personal.
Yes, it is a bold design. People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card. It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations.
I agree. Business cards are great tools for promoting personal business. It won’t take much time to design an amazing card, but it can make a big difference among the crowd. And you’ll always notice it from your collection. For they have outspoken colors, own design and the sizes are not always according the mainstream business card. I wish to have one like this. But for sure our company has its own corporate design which all employees have to follow.

Congratulations! I heard that you are going to take a two-week training course in the headquarter.
Thank you. I am very happy to have this opportunity to learn something new. You know information and knowledge in this field update very fast.
Sure it is. This is a changing world. Does the training course cover the new law and regulation issued last month? They are very useful for us.
Yes, according to the agenda, there will be a seminar on these issues at the very beginning of the training course.
Well, good for you. I hope you can get what you want from the training.
I will do my best.

What’s the problem? Things are getting out of hand. You keep sticking your nose where it doesn’t belong.
What do you mean?
Now, I am responsible for training new staff, but you keep overriding my authority by trying to pose your methods. I know you are a hotshot college graduate with something to prove. But I don’t like your way.

What is your most preferred training method?
Well, I prefer active rather than passive training. For example, I like the training offered by a financial software company from which we bought the newest updated virgin. They sent the programmers to demonstrate how to do and then ask us to practice. All employees receiving this training were in the same meeting room, so we could communicate with each other. We had a lot of fun learning together. It helps to build up the work relation among colleagues.
Well, that is also very efficient, right?
Of course, it is much better than just giving us some reading materials or information via the internet.
That’s boring. Once we were asked to watch a video on how to operate the punches, all of us seemed to fall into sleep by the end of the video.

Have you heard that we will have reorganization?
No, really?
Yes, flexible, aggressive and creative people are urgently needed in the marketing department.
Who will be there?
James is going to be packed off there.
That is good. He can leave you alone this time.

The boss had an informal discussion with me this morning, I feel really down.
What’s up?
Well, actually I failed to meet a deadline last week and I forgot to answer an e-mail for a VIP customer yesterday.
Anything that distracts you from work?
Yes, everything. I feel overwhelmed by the daily work. Sometimes, I just can’t focus on what I am doing. What is worse, though I make plans for a whole week, I always have to make changes later on because other things come up. I can’t manage my time well. I can’t handle work well. I am afraid I was screw up more things.
Look, Lucy. Things are not so bad as you said. This is our company’s busiest time in a year. You need to relax a little. Don’t push yourself too hard, ok?
Well, I will try.

How do you think a manager should react to an employee’s unsatisfactory work?
If I were a manager, I would have a private talk with this employ to figure out the reasons. It is very important to have this one-to-one discussion in an unthreatening situation without any distraction.
Exactly, I overheard a manager scold his employee in the elevator this morning, they were from the company on the 12th floor, I guess. They were only three of us in the elevator, I felt very embarrassed to be in the middle of them.
Well, I guess the employee would feel more embarrassed and probably angry. Anyway, it is not wise at all to give a harsh time to your employee in front of others, especially strangers.
Sure, no matter what happened, they should wait to discuss in their office and find the solution in a positive way.

Some companies use to ban dating among employees, but now they have realized it is something in avertable. People spend so much time at work. It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other.
If we think positively, office love can be beneficial to company.
Beneficial? I don’t think so. If two employees get married, they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon, or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies. If they break up, the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable. By any means, the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating.
But if two employees are in love, they will be happy. Happy people are more productive. If they develop an intimate relation with each other, they are willing to share knowledge and experience. It can help to improve work efficiency.
I doubt that.

How would you describe your relationship with our boss?
We have a fairly good working relationship, but there was also a rough spot.
What do you think his strengths are?
Well, he has an amazing ability to analyze information and he is very good at making the right decision in tough situations.

I am thinking about resigning from my current job.
Have you thought about it seriously?
Yes, I have been thinking about it for quite a while. Now I finally make up my mind to leave. I have given my resignation letter to our boss last Friday.
Ok, did you find a new company?
Yes, I will move on to XYZ Company.
Good for you, but your leaving will be a great loss to us. It is so nice to work with you.
Thanks. I had learned so much from you and our colleagues.

What is the most enjoyable part about your job?
I think meeting people. There are people from all over the country, all over the world, all walks of life which is the most interesting part of my job.
What do you find annoying?
Well, I work very long hours, ten hours a day is quite normal. And if something important comes up, I’m often in the office until 8 or 9 in the evening.

Hello, this is Francis from XYZ Company. I would like to discuss with you about a new project some time next week. Do you have time to meet?
Well, I am not sure. Lets me check my agenda
Ok.
I am free on Tuesday afternoon from 2 PM to 4 PM, is it convenient for you?
It is ok with me. So I will be arriving at your office around 2 fifteen PM. Do you have a projector in your room? I would like to show you some related charts
Yes, there is. See you then.

Can I ask for leave this afternoon?
What is the problem?
I had a headache this morning. I didn’t pay attention to it. I thought probably it is because I didn’t sleep well. But now it is getting worse and worse. I feel quite dizzy now and my eyes are somehow very light-sensitive. Maybe it is the migrated.
It is ok. You look really pale and red eyes. I suggest you go home immediately and have a good rest.
Thank you very much. I am sure good rest will do indeed. I don’t have this too often.

I would like to ask for one day off next week. Do you think the manager will agree? I know it is the busy time for our company, but I do have some important things to handle.
Well, it is hard to say. At least you need to come up with a good reason.
Actually, it is my mother’s wedding. My parents divorced many years ago. Now she is ready to establish a new family. It is a special occasion. I've got to be there, right?
Yes, you should be there. Go find the manager and ask. I think the manager will understand and approve you a day off. Don’t forget to fill in the leave application form. It will be signed by the manager for approval.
Thank you so much.

You must be very busy these days. I heard you are responsible for the meeting arrangements this time. It can be the most important meeting for our company this year.
Sure it is. I am up to my ears as time expressed.
Do we still use the conference room in the same hotel as last time? You remember? I like that one.
If we were in the same conference room, I would not work late these days. That conference room has been booked out. This time our boss wants to hold the meeting in our company. So everything has to be rearranged and checked, like tables, chairs, mean tacks, podium, audio and visual equipments and even the lunch menu.
Good preparation will improve the effectiveness of the meeting. I am sure that your hard work will pay off.

What sort of job would you like to take?
I prefer a sedentary job and I used to work as an operator.
We need an operator now.
It's just the job I've been searching for.

You must like negotiating a lot. People are saying, you are a super negotiator.
Ha, I am flattered. Actually, when it comes to negotiate, you don’t need to like it. You just need to understand how it works.
I am not good at it by any means. Give me some advice.
Well, generally speaking, if you want to change someone’s mind or understand his position, you have to put yourself in his shoes. Understand his need and the cost for his need. And then you work together to find a solution.
Sounds easy. But how can I apply to practice? I am thinking about applying for more reimbursement for my mobile bill. But I am afraid our boss will turn me down.
Ok, as John after Kennedy put it, let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.

I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful. We just made a record sale this season.
That is very encouraging news. I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research, they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month. That is to say, the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market.
It is not an easy job. How do you like the advertisement for the new product?
That is the best one I have seen. I am sure our target customers, young people will love it.
Certainly.

Here is the document you asked for this morning.
Oh, you are so efficient. I thought you might give it to me tomorrow. Thanks.
You’re welcome. You know, these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination. The more I think about it, the more I hate myself for being so disorganized. I decided to change the situation as soon as possible. Otherwise I will be more regretful later.
This is encouraging news, good for you! What is your solution, then?
The most useful method is to make plans and set priorities. It helps me to manage time well and get the most important things done at the first place.
Sounds not bad! Better performance isn’t just about doing a lot more. It is about focusing on the right things to do.

Hi, Monica, congratulations! Your presentation at the meeting was very successful and everyone was impressed by your speech. And it was so persuasive and I bet our clients will be convinced to invest their money in this project. You really made a big contribution to our company.
Thank you, I just tried my best. I am very happy to know you like it.
You must have been prepared for a long time. Some statistics in this presentation are not easy to find, right?
Well, yes. Several colleagues from different departments helped me with that. They are very supportive. I consulted an economic expert last week. He was very kind to give valuable suggestions.
Now, the effort pays off. You have accomplished something.
Come on, don’t flatter me anymore. I took the job because I love being challenged. But I can’t get this turned around without the support from you people.

Do you want to sign for a Korea language class?
What for? Oh, I see, you mean next year our company will expand business to the South Korea market.
Right, we have located a business partner in Seoul. The first contact proves to be successful. The general manager of South Korean company has scheduled to pay a visit to us next month. I think it is quite possible to set up a joint venture company with them soon.
Well, sounds promising. But I think our company will provide us with the language training courses if it is necessary. We need not bother signing for the language by ourselves.
A slow sparrow should make an early start. You know, I am not quick at learning any language.

Which job do you prefer, an accountant or a secretary?
Neither, I prefer an active job.
Then how about a salesman?
That's better. I like travelling.

I really like what you have. But the price for this product is much higher than we expected. I am absolutely not a buyer at that price.
I know it is not the cheapest on the market. But if you take the quality factor into consideration, you will find your company will benefit in the long term. This device is built in with the most advanced technology. Every aspect has reached the international standard. It is a worthwhile investment.
I understand that. If you can lower the price by 10 percent, we have a deal right now.
Well, the best I can do is to lower the price by 5 percent if you are willing to pay 90 % cash of front and 10 % on delivery. That is our best offer.
Err, well, I can’t decide right now. Do you mind if I have a small internal discussion on this first? I will tell you our decision this afternoon.
Sure, no problem.

Is the view going to be ok?
Don’t worry, you did a good job and it should be fine.
I’ll do my best.
That’s the way to go.

I’d like to take this opportunity to thank you for everything you did for me.
It’s my pleasure. I enjoyed working with you.
I wouldn’t be able to make it without your help.
Then keep up the good work.

Are you doing anything tomorrow morning? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project.
Tomorrow morning? What about tomorrow afternoon?
Then I'll see you in the afternoon.
OK.

I think you should look over these figures again. There are some calculations that are a bit off.
I apologize. This should not have to be this way.
Apology is accepted. Try to do better next time.
Of course, I should have been more careful. I’m sorry.

We did a survey on your job performance.
How did I do?
Not so good. Lots of complains.
Really? I thought I was doing well.
Your performance so far is not quite in line with what we expect for our executives. I hope I’Ve made my point.

I'm really in a flap about the interview.
Take it easy.you'Ve made enough preparations.
I'm in such a need of the job that I can't afford any mistakes.
I'm sure you'll pass it.

Hi, are you busy?
Hi, I was just coming to see you.But since you made the trek to my office, you get to go first.
Okay, I'm putting together a report on the Allied Marketing Co. failure, and I seem to have run into a stone wall. Can you help me out?
Well, I can try, what do you need?
You were there when the problem started. I was hoping you could fill me in on the details.
Sure, no problem.But I need something from you.
Name it.
I'm supposed to have this package ready for mailing out tomorrow morning and I'm miles away from being ready.Can you edit this product study I wrote while I do these?
All right, I can do that, and as soon as we finish this, we can both work on my problem.
That works for me.
Give me the study. I'll start as soon as I get back to my office.
Here's a print out of the study, and this is a disc with the full report on it.The file name is product study, this is and extra copy so you can do whatever you want with it.

Well, that's why you'r here.My source for big TV sets overcharged me on the last shipment, so I need someone new. I wanted to meet you to see if we can work together. I think
I agree.
Fine, but before you agree, don't you need to know what you're agreeing to?
I guess you're right.But like you said, you called me here to check me out. I've been doing the same.
Ha, ha, ha! That's fair.How did I do?
Quite good, actually. I'm pretty sure you're demanding, but fair and honest. I feel we can work together.
Good, well, here's what I need from you. Are you ready?
Shoot!
Well, I know you work for someone else, but as your client, please, we have to get this straight between us. I'm your client, not your company.As your client, I expect you to be square with me at all times. Can you do that?
I don't see a problem.
Good! Do you have any questions?

Both of the two young ladies are the candidates for the position
The question is we only need one.
Right.The choice is yours, the tall one or the short one?
I should take the taller one for the choice.

Hi, Bill.It's Marsha Black at MPPD Ltd.How are you?
Hello, Marsha. I'm great and you?
Not too bad at all.Do you have a minute?
Sure, what can I do for you?
We're ready to place our Christmas order and we need a formal bid.
So this is a real thing?
Right, this is not a drill. This is for all the marbles.
When do you need it?
ASAP, in writing of course.
Sure, who am I bidding against?
The usual guys, so you better use a sharp pencil.
Okay, give me a week and I'll have time to get my pencil real sharp. I should have some new figures from Malaysia by then.

Good morning. I’m Mickey Huang, I have an appointment with Mr wilson.
Is this about the Sales Assistant position?
That's right. My appointment is for 11 o'clock.
Mr wilson is on the line right now. Please have a seat. He'll be right with you.
Thank you.
Can I get you something, coffee, tea?
No, I'm fine. Thank you.

Mr. Johnson, there's something I'd like to talk over with you. Would sometime this week be convenient for you?
Let me see. Would it be all right on Wednesday morning?
That'll be fine.
Then I will see you in my office at ten Wednesday morning.

So, John, what do you do for a living?
I’m a sales manager in a publishing company.
Oh, really? That sounds interesting, what kinds of book do you publish?
Oh, mostly fiction, lots of romance, science fiction, biography, stuff like that.
Oh, What a cool job! How long have you worked there?
About two years now.

I'd like to make an appointment with Dr.Cooper.Could you arrange it for me?
Yes.Would tomorrow morning be all right with you?
Sorry, I've got a meeting from nine to ten.What about Monday afternoon?
I'm afraid he's fully engaged.Could you make it another time?

Excuse me, Dr.Steward, I wonder if I could talk with you about my paper.
Yes, of course.When?
Will you be free this afternoon, say from 3 to 4?
Now let me check my schedule... OK, you could to my office then.

I'm calling about our appointment. I can't call on you this evening.My wife is terribly ill.
Sorry to hear that.
How about next week?
Fine, we'll be expecting you then.

Tomorrow is my day off. I wonder if it's convenient to change our appointment from tomorrow to next Wednesday, still at the same time.
I'm afraid I won't be free next week.
It's a shame.Will this afternoon be all right? But I can only spare you an hour and a half today, from four o'clock.
That's OK.

Hello, this is Dr Cook's clinic.May I speak to Mr.Smith?
This is he.
Dr Cook won't be able to see you at the time suggested.Could you make it a quarter to two?
All right.

I'm calling about you appointment.Mr.Smith has to cancel all his appointments because he's got something urgent to attend to.
When can I go to see him?
Anytime except today.Please give him a call before you come.
OK.

I'm sorry, our appointment has to be changed.
What a pity!
If you don't mind, may we put it off to the next day?
That's OK.

I was really glad to hear about your award, congratulations!
Thanks. Actually, I was really surprised. I mean there were a lot of qualified people out there.
You’Ve been working there for so long with so much sacrifice. You definitely deserve it.
Thanks a lot. I expect to see your name nominated pretty soon too. You’Ve been doing some great work.

I'm sorry, I'm engaged at 2 p. m.
If you don't mind, let's make it a little later.What about three or four?
Sorry, the whole afternoon is filled up here.Will tomorrow do?
All right.

Are you OK there?
Oh, my computer crashed again!
Can I help?
That would be great! I hate working with computers!
Year! They are unreliable sometimes.

I don't think I can manage this morning. I wonder if we could after the time of meeting to tomorrow afternoon.
I'll look out for you about 2 tomorrow afternoon.
All right.Thank you.

Hi, Mark! Hi, do you have a minute?
Oh, I'm sorry, Nigel. I'm rushing to a meet right now.
Sure, no problem. Can we fix a time to talk later?
Sure, but this week is crazy for me. Can we make it next Monday?
Ok, see you 10 o'clock next Monday!
That's fine. See you then.

Hi, Helen! how is it going?
I'm very busy these days. It seems I can never finish my work.
Well, take it easy! Don't let it get on top of you.
I'll try. I'm under a lot of pressure right now.
Why don't you take a few days off?
I can't. I am really behind of my work.

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr.Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Good afternoon, CCL press.Jennisse speaking, How can I help you?
Good afternoon, I'm looking for Mr. Alert Li.
Oh, I'm sorry. Mr.Li is in a meeting right now. Can I take a message?
Sure. This is Nigel Smith his personal banker. Could you ask him to return my call?
Nigel Smith. Does he have your number, Mr. Smith?
It's 2781703 1.
2781703 1. Sure. I'll make sure he gets the message.
Thanks so much, bye.

Next is a ballet performance, but who is the dancer?
I'd swear that's Eddy from circulation.
Since when did Eddy start doing ballet?!
Not very long from the looks of it!
Look! He has a partner!
He's dancing with Jack!
Gross!
The wei-ya is the one time a year you can make fun of the boss.
But I think Eddy is going too far!
You're right. They are spinning pretty fast. Aren't they getting dizzy? What if they fall...
Oh! Ouch! That must've hurt!
How embarrassing!

Oh. It looks like Jack is going to make his annual speech.
Couldn't he wait until we're finished eating?
Yeah. I'm still hungry, but I guess it's kind of rude to keep eating while he's talking, huh?
Can you even hear what he's saying?
No. He's so far away I can hardly see him! Let's keep eating!
Can you turn the lazy Susan for me? I want some more chicken.
All that's left is a leg. I gave the head to Tim!

Can I help you?
I'm looking for someone who works here, but I lost his business card. His name's Long or Sang or something like that.
Chang?
Yeah, that sounds right.
There are about twenty people named Chang who work here. What department?
Let me think... accounting, finance, something like that.
Eric Chang in accounting?
That's him!
I'll call him and tell him you're here.
I appreciate your help.
Would you like to have a seat over there? It'll just be a minute. And can I have your name?
Here's my card.
OK. I'll have him come up to get you.

Good morning. Could I speak to Frans Smith please?
Frans Smith? I think you may have the wrong number.
Is this Taiwan 8234342 2, DS engineering?
It is. But there is no Frans Smith here. Do you know which department he works in?
The accounts department, I think.
The accounts department, no problem. I'm just putting you through now.

Look! They're going to do the first drawing! It's for a DVD player!
Hmm. That must be the DVD player that another one of my friends donated. He owns one of the largest electronics stores in Taipei!
They're picking a name... It's... Darryl from marketing! Rats!
Don't worry! There are a lot more prizes! I know, because the prizes are all from companies that I work with!
Hmm... Darryl doesn't look like the red underwear type...

Our supervisor Lester does. Actually, Lester is kind of like the kitchen god.
The kitchen god? What does he do?
He just stays in the kitchen and watches you. Before the Chinese New Year, the kitchen god tells his boss whether you were good or bad this year. Just like Lester does!
Oh, no! I did a lot of bad things this year. I hope the kitchen god isn't like Lester--he blabs my mistakes to everybody!
Actually, there's a way to keep the kitchen god from telling the bad things you did.
What is it? Tell me! Will it work for Lester, too?
I think so! Just serve a lot of sweet dishes next week. That will make the kitchen god say sweet things about you!
Hmm. Are you sure that will work? I already tried giving chocolate to Lester.
And what happened?
His face broke out and he said it was my fault!

See how many people are here!
Yeah! Do all these people work in the company? Everyone and their dog is here!
Other than the employees, our boss Jack invited some friends of the company.
Can we just sit wherever we want?
Of course not! We have to sit at our assigned seats. I think our table is over there in the back.
Hmm. We don't exactly have the best seats in the house, do we?
Look who you get to sit next to--Tim from purchasing!
Www! That weirdo?! He really gives me the creeps!
Don't worry. I'm also sitting next to you.
I just hope he doesn't start bragging again!
I can't wait until we get our year-end bonus!
Me, either! Who decides how much money we get?

Good afternoon. I'd like to speak with Tom Smith.
I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment.
Do you know when he will be back?
He's away on a business trip. He won't be back until some time next week.
Is there some way I can get into contact with him?
The best way to reach him is by cell phone. I'll give you his number.
Thanks. And could I have his e-mail, just in case I can't get him by phone?
Sure. His cell phone is 09112223 33. And his e-mail is lower case t, smith--that's one word, at, c, c, w, dot, com, dot, t, w.
Thank you so much. Does he read his e-mails daily?
Yes. He usually replies immediately.
Great. Thanks again. You've been very helpful.
My pleasure. I hope you get a hold of him.

OK. Here's the final drawing! It's for the trip!
And the winner is... Vivian, again! I don't believe it!
Our red underwear didn't do any good at all!
Well, there are still some consolation prizes. We can go up to the front and pick them up.
So, what did you win?
A lousy desk lamp. And you?
A bar of soap!
Look at Vivian! She thinks she's the cat's meow!
Why don't you go talk to her and find out what her secret was this year.

This'd better be good. I'm about to fire you all and find another company.
We've brought you a little something from the place down the street, Kitty Cafe-Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee beans!
Mmm, smells good. Sure better than my instant. But please don't tell me this is another coffee-themed pitch. I thought I told you...
... yes, but this one has an all-new buzz.

Melanie, can you help me with something? We need to finalize the account with the Mexican Embassy and, I need some advice on phrasing this letter correctly in English.
Sure Tracy, let me just get my laptop.
Okay, so... To Whom It May Concern, I am writing.
Um, Tracy? I think that's a little too formal. I know you want to be polite but you've already made contact with them, so in English you can be more relaxed in the opening...
Okay, more relaxed. Got it. Hey, Sally, what's up? It's Tracy here, just.
Okay Tracy, now it's too relaxed! You've still got to show some respect. How about starting with " Dear Ms. Cooper, I'm writing to confirm...?
Great, okay. " Dear Miss Cooper, I'm writing to confirm the final quotation for the full page back cover color advertisement you requested for the spring issue of Voila magazine ".
That's great...
" The final costing, including advert design and production, comes to forty-five thousand six hundred RIB. We want payment ten working days before publication or we will cancel the ad. Thanks for... "
Woo, okay, back up a second, Tracy. That's too direct. Can I suggest you say, please note that final payment is due two working weeks before publication? You don't want to offend her.
Oops, okay. You are right. Then I can just end with " All the best, Tracy ".
Mmmm, maybe, but I'd play it safe and just finish with " Yours Sincerely ". That's more professional.
Oh, Melanie, you are a life saver, thank you!

Mr. Drake, I'm pleased to do business with your company.
We're glad to be able to offer our services to your business, Mrs. Wayne.
Your company is very well respected. About how long have you been in business?
Almost twenty years. We were the first total PR services company of our kind in California.
And this is your company's head office?
Well, yes, but now we have six offices in California alone.
That's wonderful. Isn't your company part of ARE Corporation?
That's right. We are their sole PR sector business.
That's not bad. How long have you been in PR?
Not long actually. So I'm sure I will learn a lot from our cooperation.

These three hours chatting with you have been very... interesting. Could you please tell us why we're here?
I want a new brand image. Something creative, something strong. Make no mistake, something with... resolve!
What is our time frame?
Let's meet on Friday to discuss your progress. Give me your e-mail address... umm, I mean addresses... We'll be in touch.

Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards, like that one from the Dalai Lama?
Yeah, I deleted all that superstitious crap. What a waste of bandwidth!
I figured I might as well send one or two of them out. Maybe my luck will get better.
Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that? I'm tired of all these forwards.
It's worth a shot. Maybe we'll get some luck in thinking up something for this case.

I've just got Bean's new brand image. Let's make a T-shirt line with these pics.
Are you nuts? It's the President of the United States in lingerie!
Exactly! With the war in Iraq, they'll sell like crazy around the world.
What's next? Tony Blair in high heels?
Sure. I'd rather show Bean in a garter belt, but all in good time.
Inspiration can come in the strangest ways...

Could you tell me a little about the organization? For example, how big is your workforce here?
Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing. The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff.
I see. And how about the working hours?
Well, as you know Rebecca, in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five. You could be on call at any time. We do have to work very unsociable hours at times.
Well I am used to that, Mr. Parsons, so that’s not really a shock for me.
Good, as long as you understand that.
And when do you need to fill the vacancy, Mr. Parsons?
Yesterday! But no, we are hoping to start from the beginning of next month.
That sounds ideal.

Well Rebecca, is there anything else you need to know for now?
I don’t think so, Mr. Parsons. I think you have covered all the main points for me.
Okay well listen, here is my business card with my mobile number. If any other questions spring to mind don’t hesitate to contact me. Of course you can also call Miss Childs too.
Great. Rmm, when can I expect to hear from you?
Well, we are finishing the shortlist interviews tomorrow, so we will certainly have a decision made by early next week. Miss Childs will call you to discuss more on Monday or Tuesday. How does that sound?
That sounds perfect. Thank you very much for taking the time to speak to me Mr. Parsons.
The pleasure’s all mine, Rebecca.
I hope to hear from you very soon.
Absolutely. Thanks for coming Rebecca. Goodbye.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details.
Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That’s quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance also.
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent. Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

Okay Rebecca, well I think you’Ve given me a clear impression of your positive qualities, but let’s talk a little bit about your weaknesses.
Okay, well it’s always more difficult to describe them isn’t it?
Definitely, but if you had to pinpoint one weakness what would it be?
Well as I mentioned before, I do tend to get frustrated if I don’t see progress in my work or career. I suppose I’m quite a restless character. My father always taught me to be a high achiever.
So would you say if things don’t go your way at work it could easily get you down?
Well, in a way yes. But I must say that even if I’m not completely happy in my work I always give 110 % I would never shirk my responsibilities. I suppose sometimes I expect too much too soon.
Well, you know journalism is a highly competitive world, so you do need to keep pushing yourself it’s true. Okay, well let’s move on to talk about the job position here, shall we?
Yes, please.

Hi Isabel! You wanted to see me?
Yes Anthony, come on in. Have a seat.
Is everything okay? You seem a bit preoccupied.
Well, Anthony, this is not going to be an easy conversation.The company has made some decisions which will have a direct impact on your employment.
Okay...
I don’t want to beat around the bush so I’m just gonna come out with it. We are going to have to let you go.
What? Why? I mean... just like that? I’m fired?
I’m sorry but, to be honest, you are a terrible employee!
What! I resent that!
Anthony, you were caught making international calls from the office phone, you called in sick in eight times this month and you smell like alcohol!

And so, that concludes my outline for our marketing strategy next year. Thank you very much for your time.
Hey, that was quite the presentation! Honestly, I was completely blown away by your strategy outline. I've gotta say, Alex, you really wowed me today.
Aw, come on ; it was nothing. I'm just doing my job.
No, I think you deserve some recognition here ; I mean, if I look back on your previous presentations, this is a huge improvement.
Well, Kristin did give me a hand with the slides.She's a real wiz on PowerPoint.
And I saw that you took on board my feedback about pricing strategies. I really appreciate you taking the time to think though my suggestions.
Yeah, well, that was some good advice. You made some really good points.
Well, I just wanted to say well done. Really you did a great job.

Good afternoon. May I help you?
Yes, I’m here to see Joanna Stevens. I have an appointment at four.
Certainly, may I take your name? I’ll let her know you’Ve arrived.
Sure, it’s Josh O’Neil.
Ms. Stevens will be with you momentarily. Can I offer you something to drink?
Yes, a coffee would be nice, thank you.
Here you are. Ms. Stevens is ready for you now. I’ll show you to her office, right this way.

So, Lauren, I just wanted to talk to you quickly about our new customer support representative, Jason Huntley.
Sure, what’s up?
Basically, I’Ve got a few concerns about him, and the bottom line is, I don’t think he’s a good fit for our company.
Okay... what makes you say that? I thought you were pleased with his overall performance. Didn’t you just tell me last week how impressed you were with his attitude?
Yeah, his attitude is great, but he’s really unreliable. Sometimes he’s really productive, but then other times... take last Tuesday for instance, he was forty-five minutes late for our morning meeting!
Well, I’m sure he had a perfectly good reason...
But that’s not the only thing... you know, he really doesn’t have the best work ethic, I’m constantly catching him on MSN and Facebook when he should be talking to clients.
Yeah, but come on, Geoff, as if you don’t check Facebook at work. Look, you hired this guy, we’Ve invested a lot of time and money in his training, so now it’s up to you to coach him. Make it work, Geoff!

Mr. McKenna, do you have a second? I need to talk to you about something.
Sure, Liv, what can I do for you?
Well, I was just wondering... you see, I know I’Ve used up all my vacation days this year, but my sister is getting married, and the wedding is overseas, and, well...
You wanna take some time off, is that right?
Well, sir, I was just hoping that I might be able to take some unpaid leave this year.
What dates are you planning on taking off? I’ll need at least two months notice, so that I can plan for your absence.
I was thinking of taking off from September first until the thirtieth. Would you be okay with that?
Well, I guess so.

So, Casey, how are things going with the photos for the press kit?
Yeah, I’Ve been meaning to talk to you about that. I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline.
You’Ve had over a month to get this finalized! Why are things delayed?
Well, the thing is, we ran into a lot of problems...
I’m not looking for excuses here. I just want to get this finished on time!
I know, and I apologize for the delay. But some things were just beyond my control. I had trouble booking the photographer, and then Michael was sick for three weeks, so I couldn’t include him in the photos, and the design team lost all the files, so I had to re-do the pictures.
I’m not going to put this off any longer, Casey! I want those photos ASAP!

Hello, Fairbrook Consulting, how may I help you?
Yes, this is Julianne Horton, and I’m calling to arrange an appointment with Ms. McNeal.
Certainly, what day were you thinking of?
How’s Thursday? Does she have any time available then?
Um... let me double check... unfortunately, she’s booked solid on Thursday, how does next Monday work for you?
Actually, I’Ve got something scheduled on Monday. Can she do Tuesday?
Sure, Tuesday’s perfect. May I ask where you’re calling from?
Sure, Merton Financial Advisors.
Oh, actually, Tuesday’s no good. Sorry about that.

Oh great! This stupid computer froze again! That's the third time today! Hey Samuel, can you come take a look at my PC? It's acting again. It must have a virus or something.
Just give me a second. I'll be right up. I ran a virus scan on your computer, and it turns out that you have a lot of infected files!
But I'm quite careful when I'm browsing theinternet, I have no idea how I could have picked up a virus.
Well, you have to make sure that your anti-virus software is updated regularly, yours wasn't up to date, that’s probably what was causing your problems.
Ok. Anything else?
Yeah, try not to kick or hit the computer!
Um yeah. Sorry about that.

I've run out of steam. To be honest, I want to be in a different environment.
Is that so?
Yes. I don't want to be stuck in a rut. I want to move on.
Have you decided?
Yes, I want to get a better job.
Could you tell me why you want to quit?
I'm quitting because of the lousy salary and all the difficulties I have in getting along with my colleagues.
Oh, that sounds terrible. Would you be happier with higher pay here? I " m sure something can be worked out.
I'm afraid not. I've promised my girlfriend. We're going to travel south to find jobs that offer higher pay.
OK. I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you. However, I think you should work harder at your new job and then you can ask for higher pay.

Is it all right for me to come in now. Mr. Sutcliffe?
Well... I'm pretty busy. but... all right. come in. What can I do for you?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Not at all. Take a seat. Now, what can I do for you?
I want to leave the department. Do you think I could put in for a transfer?
Yes, but why should you want to do that?
Do you mind if I speak frankly?
Not at all. Go ahead.
Well, you see. I don't like the office. I don't like the staff and I'm afraid you and I don't get on. So may I put in for a transfer?
Yes. I'd delighted if you did.

John, could you come to my office? I need to talk to you.
Sure. I'll be there as soon as I finish this document.
No. Come here right now.
OK.
What's the matter?
I'm sorry to say that we have to let you go, John.
Why? I work very hard.
Well, you're working very hard but not efficiently. And you don't work well with other employees.
Well, some of those other guys are not the same kind I'd like to communicate with, but if that's important to you. I'll try to get along with them.
I'm afraid it's too late. We are downsizing our workforce and you'll have to go.
It's unfair.
We can give you the option of residing rather than being fired, because it will look better on your resume when you apply for another job if you resign.
OK. I need to think about that for a while.
All right, but let me know your decision before the end of the day.

How do you like your job here, Linda?
It's interesting, I like being an editor.
Why?
I like talking to writers, I get to meet a lot of interesting people.
I'm happy to hear that, but publishing is more than just talking to writers. it involves a lot of work, patience and responsibility. Most of the work is boring.
I don't feel bored at all. I'm getting along with my colleagues. I will enjoy working with them. People are great in this industry.
Do you have any complaints?
No, I have no complaints. I hear there are many opportunities to move up in this company. is that true?
Yes, you have many opportunities to grow in this company as long as you do well.
That's perfect. I will definitely do well.

I can't stand the stupid guy any longer. It's unbelievable!
Oh, my dear lady. Take it easy. You should forgive a green hand like him.
He does everything so mindlessly that he is going to drive me crazy.
I suggest you talk with him and teach him how to deal with the problems.
I have told him how to do it several times, but he's never listened to me.
Maybe you should communicate with him just like a friend and not a boss.
Oh, I always have difficulty in getting along with the staff.
Just take them for your good friends and have a talk with them as we do, make sure you don't lose your temper.
I think that's a bad idea. I'd hate anyone here to think of me as a friend. How would they ever respect me as they can do whatever they want?
I disagree. All you have to do is respect the staff and their opinions.

If we are to modernize our information processing, manufacturing system and management code, we need to complete our office automation.
Yes, you're right. We have to equip our company with a network of workstations at every office as soon as possible.
Our copying machines are too slow, our telephone system is limited in function, and our offices are not well-equipped for us to work efficiently. To improve the offices for higher efficiency, we have to change all the chairs and some of the desks also, redesign our office so that we may have more space.
Good. We can contact the Tiana Office Furniture Store, and ask them to install computers in our company, deliver new tables and other furniture to match the function of the computers, and to improve our work atmosphere simultaneously.

May I come in?
Come in, please.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but I'd like to ask when I will get a raise.
In 3 months or so.
You said the same thing three months ago.
Did I? Well, anyway, you will get your raise when the economy starts picking up.
You mean that I won't get a raise until the recession ends?
Yes.
I got the message. I'm quiting.
Nah, don't be so fast. We like your work here, but this company is on hard times and I can't be handing out raises for anyone.
I've been here for 3 years, and I haven't had a raise in all that time. If you like my work, it should be reflected in my pay, and I feel it isn't.
I hear what you're saying, and I wish there were something I could do.
Very well, consider me gone.

Mr. Black, I'd like to take some time off. I'Ve been feeling exhausted these days.
That's no problem. Let me see... You still have ten days annual leave left, is that right?
Yes. I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off.
That's long leave. How's your project coming along?
The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week. I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on.
Well, all right. But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave.
Thank you, Mr.Black. There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment. Mr.Smith will be in charge during my absence. He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients.
Great! I hope you have a good relaxation and come back refreshed.
I will. Many thanks, Mr.Black.

You'v been work here for nearly a month, how do you feel about the job?
Not bad. Thank you for your help. I am always busy with this job, I feel a bit tired.
I had the same feeling when I first came to work here. but after a period of time, I feel better, I am sure you'll get used to this busy job.
I also feel that work efficiency here is very high. and you have strong working ability and professional skill, it seems that you know all, that's really wonderful!
You know the phrase the survival of the fittest. We have no choices.
That's right, I have to work.

How do you do?
How do you do?
My name is Wang Liang, I’m from Beijing. Where do you come from?
I come from the city of Tangshan in Hebes Province.
You're from Tangshan? I can't believe my ears. I was also born in Tangshan, but I was brought up in Beijing.
Really? It's nice to meet you. How long have you been with this company?
Just over 4 years now. Since this is your first day here, I'm sure you don't really know too much yet. Let me show you around, so you can introduce yourself to everyone.
Oh, Thank you very much!

Hi, my name is Tom.
Tom, the new sales representative? Nice to meet you! I'm Melinda.
Nice to meet you too.Melinda.
Now let me show you around. This is our reception area, and our conference room is right over there. Over there is the sales department.
Really? This is a nice office, but it's quite small.
Yeah... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there.
It looks like you guys work hard.
I tell you what just between you and me, we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding. Oh, your cubicle is over the. And this way. Those are all private offices--the managers'offices.
Hmm... Tell me more details about our jobs.
Sure thing.

Do you have a moment?
Sure. What do you need?
I'm having some trouble. I don't know how to use this printer. I've never seen this kind of office printer before. Is it a new brand?
Yes, we just got it and it is fabulous. Well, first you have to turn this switch on.
Silly me!
Now press this button.
Oh, it's out of paper. Do you have any more?
Just a second. I'll go get some. Then you need to send the file. Make sure you choose the right printer. We have a few here and you're hooked up to all of them.
Which one is this?
It's the Canon.

Good morning, I’m Daniel. I’m applying for the positon of manager.
Yes. Sit down, please. How did you learn about our company?
I got to know your company through such famous brands as LUX, LIPTON and WALLS. After making a customer survey, I was glad to find out how your products are appreciated by millions of Chinese.
Why would you like to work with us?
It’s the job I’m interested in. And your company is the best-known. Although I don’t have much experience as a manager, the job description you sent to me was very interesting. It’s a job I’Ve been dreaming of and I feel suited to fill it.
Oh, really? Would you transfer to another company if it is not what you expected?
I don’t think so. As the saying goes, “ A great oak needs deep roots. ” I’m really interested in this job.
That’s fine. Thanks for coming to see us. I hope to be able to let you know about the job within the week.

Welcome to our company.
I really love this kind of atmosphere.
An impressive officer is vital to the image projected by the company.
There are people everywhere. What's that girl doing?
She is dealing with customers and driving up new business. The guy next to her is in charge of their office computer network.
And what about that man there?
He is our accountant.
I see you have a coffee bar for a water cooler. The staff here must be comfortable. I think it really helps morale when people feel supported by their employees.
Indeed, they are. Keeping staff happy is the only way to keep them with the company.

To start with, may I know why you are interested in working for our company?
First, as far as I know, your company has had an impressive growth record. Second, I want to get into the foreign trade business.
Now you are with Quandong Company. What is your chief responsibility there?
I'm in charge of marketing activities in South-East Asia, for example, organizing trade conferences and arranging exhibitions.
Do you have any questions about the job?
Yes. Are there chances for employees to be transferred to overseas branches of the company?
Certainly. This is an international company, and ther're good chances for you to work overseas.
That would be good.

I came in response to your advertisement for a salesperson.
OK, please be seated. May I have your name, please?
My name is Woody.
OK, Woody. Why are you interested in this job?
Because I admire your company. Yours is one of the most effective and respectable companies in this city.
Have you worked anywhere else before?
Yes, five years ago. I began to work in a fashion company in Shanghai. Two years ago, I came to Beijing, and worked in a department store as a salesman.
OK, your work experience is impressive, and I think you sound right for this position, but I do have 3 other people to interview, so you'll be hearing from us within a week.
Thanks.

What kind of job are you interested in?
I want a job in which I can use English, I would also like to be able to have some responsibility in my work.
I really appreciate that I would expect my secretary to be able to work independently and take over some of my ordinary responsibilities, such as answering routine correspondence, taking phone calls for me and sometimes assisting me with personal affairs.
Yes, I see. In my previous job, I did typing and filing everyday.
Have you had any experience as a guide?
Well, not exactly, but I have shown some of my foreign friends around Beijing.
Once in a while we have visitors from abroad and I would like to be able to ask my secretary to take them shopping and sightseeing.
I think I would like that.

Do you have any experience working with a computer?
Yes. I have been a data entry operator for three years.
What kind of software can you use?
I have working knowledge of Windows and Dos. Actually, I'm quite familiar with both Java and C + + Programming Languages.
Do you have any other computer qualifications?
Yes, I have an ACRE certificate, Bank 2.
Do you know how to use a PC to process the management information?
I'm sorry to say I'm not familiar with processing management information, but I'm sure I could learn quite quickly. It can't be too difficult, and I've got a quick mind. I can handle any problem you give me.

Why have you decided to change jobs?
I hope to change because my current job is not within my chosen field. Since my major was international banking, I really hope to work at a bank.
Then, why do you want to work for our bank since it's a new establishment in Shanghai?
Because your bank is a new one, I think I'll be given more opportunities, and the working conditions and surroundings are so excellent here.
It certainly is. But the work is also hard here. You need to put a lot of long hard hours on the job to succeed in this field.
I expect to work hard, madam.
Do you mind going on frequent business trips?
No, I enjoy travelling.

Do you have experience in advertising?
Yes, I used to have a part-time job in advertising company.
What were you mean duties there?
I mostly did advertising planning.
What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have?
I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts, creative talent, and be sensitive to the changes in the market.
What was the most important thing you have learned at work?
The most important thing I learned was that I must continuously improve my abilities. Advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact to success. If I want to make in marking in advertising industry, I can’t stop studying and creating.

What do you do in your spare times?
I have many hobbies. I like almost all kind of sports, and I also like to listen to classical musics.
What sports do you like best?
Football. It's a very exciting game, because it keeps you alert, and I also enjoying the team spirit of football.
Do you like reading books?
Yes. I enjoying reading biographs, especially those of well-known statesmen, militarists and artists, I can learn a lot from their life histories.
Who are you favourite authors?
I like the novels of Inches very much, I have reading almost all of them in Chinese translation, I wish i can reading them in the original.

What kind of personality do you think you have?
I'm quite active and energetic. I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done.
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted?
I'm quite outgoing i think. I enjoy mixing and doing things with others.
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy?
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends. A person can't live all by himself I think. A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have, the better.
What kind of people do you like to work with?
People who are honest, dedicated to their work and having integrity.

Which university did you graduate from?
I graduated from Peking University.
What was your major at university?
I studied economics, I am especially interested in the economic development of China.
What course did you like best?
I like Business Management, and i think it's very useful for the present work.
What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking?
I've taken courses on office administration, reports and correspondence writing. I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager, because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork.

Now please tell me something about your past work achievements.
All right, madam. When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store. I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 %.
That is quite an achievement! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience?
I don't think so. I'll create further achievement in the future.
Have you received any honors?
Yes. I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006.
Do you have any publications?
Yes. I wrote a thesis entitled " On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy " and it was published in China Daily.

How many languages can you speak?
Besides Chinese, I can speak English and French.
You mean you can read and write both of them?
No, I can only carry on a simple conversation in French.
Can you read and write English well?
I can speak the language better than read and write.
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries?
I think so. I used to be an interpreter.
Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work?
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work. I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm.

Okay, Rebecca. Now you’Ve given me a good idea of your work and academic background, but what about you as a person? How would you describe your key strengths?
Well, Mr. Parsons, as I mentioned before I’m someone who needs new challenges. I’m really focused and hard-working. I think my academic results prove this.
Yes, true, but how about other personal qualities?
Well, I believe I’m a good team-player, but I can also work well independently. I’m very enthusiastic and, well I hope my colleagues would agree, I’m fun to work with.
What would you say is your most positive quality?
Hmm, that’s a tough question. But I would have to say my passion. I’m really passionate about journalism and passionate about my career.

Okay, now I’d like to find out more about your last job. I see you spent almost four years at the London Weekly, is that right?
Yes, that’s right. To be honest, the first year was quite tough for me. I was really just treated more like an intern. I didn’t have many responsibilities and I found it quite frustrating.
So, what changed?
Well slowly but surely I proved myself, and the new editor liked me so he promoted me to features writer.
Wow, a real step up!
Yes, I was responsible for restaurant and food reviews mostly. I spent restaurant years in that position, but to be honest it wasn’t an area of journalism I wanted to stay in long-term.
I see, so why did you decide to leave finally?
I just felt that the paper couldn’t offer me any new opportunities. I really needed a more challenging role to be honest.

Now, if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English?
Yes, that’s right. After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK. My major was English, and my minor was business studies. I completed my BA in 2004.
Yes, I’m pleased to see that you also got a distinction.
Yes that’s right. I’Ve always enjoyed studying. My friends say I’m a bit of a bookworm, but my father always pushed us to succeed school.
Well, it looks like his encouragement paid off Rebecca. So how about extracurricular activities at University?
Well I’Ve always been keen on writing, so I became the editor for the University student newspaper, which I really loved. Also I volunteered for a group called Shelter, to help the homeless in York.
What did that involve?
Providing warm meals and shelter, especially in the winter months. I found it really fulfilling to be part of that group.
I’m sure. Okay, now let’s move on to your work experience, shall we?
Yes, okay.

May I help you?
Yes, I'm looking for a job as a clerk typist in English.
I'm Mary Kelly. May I ask your name?
My name is Zhuang Lingy. How are you, Miss Kelly?
I'm glad to meet you, Mr. Zhuang. Sit down, please.
Thank you, Miss Kelly.
What are your qualifications for being a clerk typist?
I can type 120 words a minute and I take shorthand at 80 words a minute.
Would you be willing to take a typing and shorthand test?
Yes, I would.
Your typing and stenography are pretty good. Would you be interested in applying for the job?
Yes, I'd like to give it a try.
All right. You need to have an interview with our manager, Mr. McBride. Let's go to his office.

Right Rebecca. Now I see that after graduating from University your first job was...
For a local paper in York called the York Herald. Actually, I started with them as an intern in the beginning. I was really keen on getting some experience in the journalistic world, and this seemed like a good first step.
Certainly. And after your internship?
They seemed impressed, and offered me a position as a junior local news reporter. I ended up staying two years there actually. I was in charge of the sports news section of the newspaper. I really enjoyed it there, and it really helped me build my skills.
Yes I see. But you decided to leave them in 2006, right?
Yes, that’s right. My husband and I moved to London, and so I managed to find a position with a National newspaper based in London.
The London Weekly right?
Yes, in some ways it was a step down from my previous job but it did offer me much better prospects for the future.

Now, Miss Childs passed on your resume to me and I’Ve had the chance to look it over and I must say I’m quite impressed.
Thank you very much. I’Ve tried to keep it short and clear. If there’s any questions please feel free to ask me.
Well yes, I do have a number of questions, but perhaps first you could give me a brief overview I’d like to get a little bit of an idea of your background.
Yes, of course. Well as you can see from the resume I’m 27 and grew up in Brooklyn, New York, although our family moved to London when I was quite young, at around sixteen.
Ah I see, so you were actually educated in Europe?
Yes precisely. Although I was born in the US, I would definitely call London home. But as you see I’Ve actually spent a lot of my life moving from country to country. My Father was in the oil business before he retired so we also spent a number of years in Saudi Arabia too.
Very interesting. So it seems you had quite an adventurous childhood.
Absolutely! We were never still for too long. But now I’m really looking to settle down.
I see. okay, well let’s move on to discuss your education shall we?

Why do you want to be a stewardess?
I have always enjoyed flying. And I am good with people.
Could you handle flying for 24 hours straight?
Yes, I can adjust to anything.
That's good.
I am also calm under pressure and trained in first aid.
You should very qualified.
Thank you. It has always been my dream to be a stewardess.

First of all, thank you for accepting this job.
It’s my pleasure.
What are your salary expectations?
Would you please tell me about your pay skill first?
We’ll offer you a monthly salary to begin with, in addition, we offer one percent commission and all your sales. You also enjoy life insurance and health insurance. What’s starting salary would you expect here?
They sum my skills and experience. I’d like to start it with 4000 yuan a month.
That sounds reasonable.
Do I have paid vacation?
Yes, you have 2 weeks paid vacation a year, and you get it additional week after 4 years, and then again, after 9 years if you decide to stay that long, we promote from within based on performance, so there is an excellent chance that you could become a sales manager or even a region manager.

Do you have any other questions?
Yes, may I ask something about the salary and benefits in your company?
According to our regulations, you will be on probation for the first three months.
What is the salary while on probation?
In this period, you can only get the basic salary, 2,500 yuan per month.
That sounds fine.
The salary will be deposited into the bank on the 15th every month. Your salary will be raised every year in October, depending on your performance.
Are there paid holidays?
Yes, you may enjoy a seven-day holiday in the first year. After that, you can have two more days each year.

Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us.
No, thank you.
Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you?
That would be great.
When do you want it delivered?
I need it delivered tomorrow. Will that be possible?
What time exactly?
I need it delivered at 12.
We can have it to you at that time.
That's not a problem?
We will deliver your mattress tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
That's great! Thank you very much.

Excuse me, sir, may I talk to you?
Bill! Sure, come on in. What can I do for you?
Well sir, as you know, I have been an employee of this prestigious firm for over ten years.
Yes.
I won’t beat around the bush. Sir, I would like a raise. I currently have three companies after me and so I decided to talk to you first.
A raise? Son, I would love to give you a raise, but this is just not the right time.
I understand your position, and I know that the current economic downturn has had a negative impact on sales, but you must also take into consideration my hard work, pro-activeness and loyalty to this company for over a decade.
Taking into account these factors, and considering I don’t want to start a brain drain, I’m willing to offer you a ten percent raise and an extra five days of vacation time. How does that sound?
Great! It’s a deal! Thank you, sir!
Before you go, just out of curiosity, what companies were after you?
Oh, the electric company, gas company and water company!

Hello, this is ABC Corporation. May I help you?
Yes, I’m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today’s newspaper. Is this position still open?
Yes, but do you have any experiences as a sales manager?
Yes, I have a lot of previous experiences in sales. I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university.
That sounds fine. Please give me your name and phone numbers. I’ll set up an appointment for an interview for you. It will most likely be in a couple of days. Is it all right for you?
Yes, my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870.
Thank you.

What are the requirements to apply for the position?
Your major must be computer.
Do you think my educational background suits this position?
Yes, I’m quite satisfied with your qualifications.
Does this job require that new employees take any kind of training course?
Generally speaking, training new members is usually necessary. We offer our new employees a one-week training course.
Could you tell something about the job?
Yes, of course. You will be responsible for the designing and developing new products and also be in charge of the evaluation of the software programs including complex software systems to ensure product features and operation complaints.
Oh, I see. I believe I can do the job well.

We’Ve got a lot of work to do now, but take your time over this project. We don’t want to make any mistakes.
Ok. I should have it finished by Friday afternoon. Then I can check those account over the weekend. We need to have them finished by Monday, right?
That’s right. We’ll finish them just in time. The Macy project can wait for the time being. We need to spend several days on that project, but it isn’t due to be finished until the end of the month, so we have plenty of time to get it done.
Some next week on, we should be in less of a rush.
I’m going to give everyone on the team an extra day off. Everyone deserves it.
Don’t say that yet. A new project could suddenly appear.
That’s true. Right. I’m going back to the meeting. It’s been going on for hours and there’s no indication that it’ll end soon.
Carol said that she would spend some time checking that everyone is up-to-date with their work.
Good. I have to go right now. I really hope this meeting doesn’t last too long.
They usually go on for ages.
I’ll stop by if I have time later. Make sure everyone knows that we must stick to the deadlines.
I will. Enjoy your meeting!

Excuse me. Do you mind if I ask some things about work for this company?
Not at all. Go ahead.
I've heard that the company is very strict with its staff. Is that true?
Not really, so long as you follow all the regulations.
If you make mistakes in your job, you'll be fired. Is that right?
No. Everyone has a chance to correct his or her mistakes. The most important thing is to be responsible for your work.
Working here involves a busy schedule and overtime. Is that true?
Yes. That's true. We are always busy. The company attaches great importance to high efficiency. Sometimes we have to work overtime, but not always. And we have extra pay for extra work.
It seems that working in a foreign enterprise is not the same as I expected. Thank you for your help.

How could we advertise our celebrations to mark the centenary of the founding of the university?
I’m sure we could get one or two tv companies to come in. Perhaps the president could invite them and do an interview.
That’s a good idea. We could put up some posters in and around the campus with a list of events. It would be quite cheap to do on the campus.
It will be expensive to do outside the campus. Perhaps we could arrange for some sponsorship.
We could contact alumni who work for large, well-know companies. They might be able to arrange cheap advertising in exchange for some free tickets.
Good thinking! We should also print some leaflets for students to distribute.
We should put some information about it on the home page of our university website. When people visit the website, they’ll see the information.
We could take out some advertisements to local newspapers. I checked the prices and they are reasonable.
Ok. Let’s get to work on our advertising campaign.

Welcome to ABC electronics. First, let me go over what we do in the department during a typical workday.
Ok. I understand that we basically work from 8 thirty to 5 thirty with an hour-long lunch break from 12 to 1, right?
That’s right, although we do expect you to do a little overtime if there’s something important to do. The lunch break is flexible. You can go a little earlier or a little later if you prefer.
That’s fine. Is it OK to have a coffee break during the working day?
Of course. The main thing is that all our work must be completed on schedule. We even allow our employee to go home early if they finish their work early.
How often do you have meetings?
You should attend a department meeting every Monday morning. There are other meetings for people working together on certain projects. Department heads also attend an interdepartmental meeting each week.
I’Ve met some of my colleagues already. I’m sure we’ll get on well together.
You are entitled to a company car. Have you seen it yet?
I was told to take a look at it this afternoon and take care of all the paperwork.
Ok. This is your cubicle. At first, you’ll be responsible to me. Later, you’ll be working more independently.
That’s fine. I need to learn how you do things here first. Salaries are paid directly in to our bank account, aren’t they?
That’s right. Make sure you give the accounts department all your bank account details as soon as possible.

Could you tell me your education background?
Sure. Where shall I begin?
Where did you go to university?
I went to the university of Ohio, in America.
What degree did you get?
I got a bachelor’s degree.
What was your major?
I majored in English and minored in Chinese.
What was you G. P. A?
I graduated with honors. I had a 3.9.
Do you plan to pursue further education?
Yes. I’d like to obtain a master’s degree in international relations.
When do you think you will do that?
After I have 3-4 years of work experience.
I see.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

What did you do at the office today?
I had a really busy day. I had to work a little overtime. In the morning an important client called to place a large order. I had to check some things with my colleagues before confirming the order.
What kind of things did you need to check?
The most important thing was to check that we had the goods in stock. If the goods are in stock, we can deliver them immediately. I also had to check the price. This customer is very important, so they get special prices.
I see. Did anything else happen?
I received a lot of emails from potential clients that I had to answer. Each time, I had to check files to see what we had agreed at earlier meetings. Each client has different conditions and requirements.
It must be difficult to remember the details for each individual client.
Yes. That’s why we have everything on computer files. We don’t use much paper at our office. After lunch, I had to deal with a complaint from a client.
I hate dealing with complaints. Was it a legitimate complaint?
Yes, it was. I managed to sort out the problem, but I was tied up with the matter for over an hour.
You certainly had a busy day.
That’s not all! I also had to finish writing a sales report for my boss. In the end, I finished everything. I wonder what will be waiting for me tomorrow morning.

What kind of work do you want to do when you finish university?
I want to work in the banking industry. I’Ve always been interesting in working for an international invest bank. I’d like to help people invest their money.
That’s a job that pays well. If you’re lucky, you might have opportunities to travel as well. Have you applied to any banks yet? Our course will end soon.
Yes. I’Ve sent letters to several banks. A few have invited me for interviews after we take our examinations.
Well done! I haven’t sent off any job applications yet.
Which field would you like to work in? have you decide yet?
I’d like to work in marketing. I think I could have a good career in that field.
Perhaps you should apply to banks as well. They need people to market their service. As you said, the banking industry pays well.
That’s great idea. Do you have the email address of human resource managers at any banks?

We’re having a department meeting at 10 o’clock, ok?
That’s fine... I need to pick up some stationary-you know, a stapler, scissors, files, who should I see about that?
See Julie, the receptionist. She knows where all that stuff is kept. You might like a calendar for you desk. She can give you one of those too.
Thanks. I need to make a few photocopies.
The photocopier is near my office. Come on, I’ll show you where it is.
Do you enjoy working in this office?
Yes, I do. Everyone’s really friendly. Sometimes, I wish I worked outdoors more, especially during the summer.
What’s usually discussed at the department meetings?
We usually tell each other where we are with various clients and potential clients. The boss assigns extra duties to people who she thinks can best deal with them. It’s also a chance to put forward suggestions and ideas. Be sure to speak up if you have any.

Sandy, can you help me contact these people?
Sure, what do you want me to tell them?
Well, I need to confirm the time of their classes.
Ok, where can I find their telephone number?
They are all listed here on this sheet of paper.
Is it their home, office or cell phone numbers?
Unless it’s marked differently, it’s their home numbers.
Alright. What if I can’t get a hold of them by phone?
Then, you should e-mail them with the information.
Where can I find their e-mail addresses?
They should have then listed on their resumes.
And if there aren’t any e-mail addresses?
Then send them a SMS on their cell phone.
Ok. That sounds easy enough. Have you called any of them yet?
Yes. I called the first three people on the list, but they didn’t pick up.
Did you leave a voice message?
I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list.
I see. What did you tell her?
I told her that she should call me back at my office number.
Ok, so, maybe I should call her again.
Yes, that sounds like a good idea. She might not get the other message in time.
One more question. It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance. Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them?
Sure. You can use this one. The pin number is written on the back of the card.
Alright. Thanks a lot. Don’t worry. I’ll take care of it.
Great work. I’m off for the weekend! See you on Monday.
See you.

John, I’d like you to meet Charles Brown, our new manager at the airport.
Yes, certainly. How can I recognize him?
He is short, well-built, and he’s got light blond hair.
Is there anything else?
He has a mustache, if I remember correctly, and a light complexion.
How old is he?
He is in his late thirties.
Well. I shouldn’t have any trouble recognizing him. What time does his flight arrive?
At 2 thirty.

Hi, Deny. Are still working?
Hi, Navy. Come in please. I'm just putting away on my books.
So, you are leaving, aren't you?
yes, I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow.
How nice! I can see you are busying packing. I'm sorry to interrupt you.
That's all right. I'm almost finished. Do you need my help?
Yes, could you please go over this for me? and see if there is any mistake in it?
All right I'll read it soon.
Excuse me for taking your time.
Oh. It's nothing Navy.

Excuse me sir. May I come in?
Mike, you're late again.
I'm sorry, but my sister was ill, so I
Do you think I believe the story like that?
But it's true.
How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week?
That's coincident 。
Ok, hold it. Remember to be punctual next time 。
I promise I will.
You'd better.

We have the orientation this afternoon.
What’s going to be covered in the orientation?
The company introduction, our mission, vision, various policies, insurances, pension plan, company ID, batch, telephone, e-mail set-up and training.
Quite a lot. All them one afternoon?
Yes, it is not easy.
It is ok with me. I enjoy being busy and learning new things.

Mr. Bryant? Hi, I'm Mike from Florence Incorporated. I'll glad you made it okay. How was your flight?
It was pretty bumpy, also a bit long, all together about 5 hours.
That is a long flight. You had a layover too, is that right? You must be tired.
Actually I feel quite rested. I was able to sleep on the plane.
Good! Here, let me help you with your bag. Is it your first time to Seattle? I'd be happy to take you around this city and show you the sights tonight if you're up to it.
That will be very nice. You're too kind.
I've already made a hotel reservation for you, let's go to the hotel first and drop off your things. Then, I'd like to have a drink so that we can get better acquainted. I've booked a table at an exclusive restaurant downtown. Afterwards, I've made arrangements to take you to see the city lights. Seattle’s nightlife can be really quite exciting. How does that schedule sound to you?
Sounds great. Thank you for your hospitality.

Hello, Mr.Benson, welcome to Beijing! Is this your first time to visit china?
Oh, no, I'v already made several trips to Guangzhou, this is my first trip to Beijing though.It is a lot larger than I expected it would be.
Yes, Beijing has been grown over the last few years, there are a lot of improvements and changes being made for the Olympics. What would you like to see changing be made for Olympic, what would you like to see when are you here?
I hope to have time to visit great wall when I am here, I always want to go there, I think it would be a real shame by came all the way in Beijing and didn't make out the wall, do you think I have a chance to see it?
I can pretty sure it can be arranged, the wall is a short distance from the city, but we could make arrangements for driver to take us out to visit the great wall during when our afternoon breaks, I also recommend you to visit Tian'an Men Square and city while you add it!
Yes, that would be nice, would I have a tour guide to tour completely visit these places?
Don't worry, I would be able to go along with you, over the next few days, if you have any questions or problems, I will be right here to help you out, I can be a translator and tour guide.
Thank you very much.
My pleasure, I hope your visit to Beijing is very enjoyable!

I've been waiting here in the conference room for ten minutes already. What time does our meeting start? Where is everyone anyway?
Didn't you hear about that? Our meeting was proponed until Friday.
What? The meeting was proponed? No one told me anything about it.
Didn't you get the memo?
What memo? There haven't been any memos this whole week. I check my unbox every day, and I haven't seen anything.
The memo went out three days ago. It should have made it to your in-box, but maybe it got lost in all the clutter on your desk.
You know how things get piled up on my desk when I am busy — I know that sometimes I do misplace things, but I always read all the memos that go around. They go directly to my in-box. Are you sure it was sent to the whole office?
It should have gone around to everybody. They also posted a copy of the memo in the break-room. Don't you ever look at the messages posted on the bulletin board?
I'm usually too busy to take a bunch of coffee breaks and gossip by the water cooler. Anyway, I am sure the memo never got to my in-box. I'll have to talk to our secretary about it.
That's right. You never know what you're missing out if you don't read the memos.

Ms.Dawson, I need you to take a dictation for me.
Yes, sir...
This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready?
Yes, sir.Go ahead.
Attention all staff... Effective immediately, all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited.
Sir, does this apply to intra-office communications only? Or will it also restrict external communications?
It should apply to all communications, not only in this office between employees, but also any outside communications.
But sir, many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients.
They will just have to change their communication methods. I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time! Now, please continue with the memo.Where were we?
This applies to internal and external communications.
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense, the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads.
Is that all?
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.

Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age. It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier.
Fully agree. I do enjoy the convenience though I am still a beginner in using Excel. The latest office equipment is more type-functional. It combines fax machine, copy machine and printer in one. It saves a lot of place one machine instead of three.
Yes, this machine is even smaller than those before.
When will we get one of those?
You know our boss always trying to save the last penny. We have to use up the equipment first.

Here is the document you asked for this morning.
Oh, you are so efficient. I thought you might give it to me tomorrow. Thanks.
You’re welcome. You know, these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination. The more I think about it, the more I hate myself for being so disorganized. I decided to change the situation as soon as possible. Otherwise I will be more regretful later.
This is encouraging news, good for you! What is your solution, then?
The most useful method is to make plans and set priorities. It helps me to manage time well and get the most important things done at the first place.
Sounds not bad! Better performance isn’t just about doing a lot more. It is about focusing on the right things to do.

Hello! You have reached the offices of Maddox and McKnight, can I help you?
Yes, my name is Max Richards. May I please speak to George Nelson? I have already called several times. It seems I always catch him out of the office.
Oh, I'm sorry. Mr. Nelson is away at the moment. I'm sorry that you keep missing him while he is out of the office. Would you like to leave a message?
I'm sorry, I didn't hear you clearly. Could you repeat that please?
Certainly. Mr. Nelson can not take your call at the moment because he is away. He stepped out of the office for the whole afternoon and is not expected back until tomorrow morning. His schedule is very unpredictable at times, so the best way to reach him is to first make an appointment by email or text messaging.
Can I leave a message for him please?
Of course, can you leave your name and number? I'm sure Mr. Nelson will return your call as soon as he is able.
My name is Max Richards, my phone number is 898-3423. Could you ask him to call me back as soon as he gets back, please? I have a rather timely matter to discuss with him.
Can you tell me what it's about? I can make a note of it, so Mr. Nelson is aware and prepared when he returns your call.
Yes, please let him know I would like to discuss the Girard case with him.

Our productivity has been down for more than six months now. I'm seriously considering pulling in an outside consultant to diagnose the cause of our problematic areas. I think we'd all benefit from an outsider's perspective. Sometimes we're just too closed to the problems to see the forest for the trees.
I think that's a good idea. You know I got a golfing buddy that runs a consultant firm. He's an expert in organizational comunication.He does't come cheap, but he's an expert in this field.Maybe he could help get things on track.
Do you have his card? What's in his portfolio? Which firm has he worked for in the past?
He's done staff for Microsoft and Boeing. I think he's been involved with Siemens'training evaluations as well. I'll get you his card, you can give him a call.

Hello, this is Francis from XYZ Company. I would like to discuss with you about a new project some time next week. Do you have time to meet?
Well, I am not sure. Lets me check my agenda
Ok.
I am free on Tuesday afternoon from 2 PM to 4 PM, is it convenient for you?
It is ok with me. So I will be arriving at your office around two fifteen PM.
Yes, there is. See you then.

I am going on a business trip to Guangzhou next Monday morning.
To visit our supplier?
Yes, as the New Year is coming, they’re organizing a party for all their customers.
Well, I guess you will meet many people in this field. So don’t forget to pack enough business cards in your suitcase.
Sure.
By the way, do you know that our company just made some changes in the business trip policy?
No, no one has informed me of that so far, tell me.
Ok, there is no cash advance anymore for short trips. You have to pay out of your own pocket, so save all the receipts from your business trip. And then attach them to your expense account. When you get back, our company will reimburse everything.
I see. What about the maximum purdy and rate, any change?
I am not sure. You can check with the finance department.
I will call them this afternoon, thanks.
You’re welcome. Have a nice trip.

ABC Company, my name is Lucy. How can I help you?
Hello, Lucy, this is Monica. I’m calling for the accountant position. I saw the information about the vacancy on your company’s website. Is it still available?
Thank you for your interest. The position is still available. Have you already sent your CV to us?
No, not yet. First, I want to check about the availability and see if you could give more information.
It is urgent for us to fill this position now and I would like to stress that English is a must because of the international contacts and most likely traveling abroad very soon. If all these is not problem for you, I recommend you to mention these in your cover letter and send it to me directly.
The notification period of my current job is not that long and I’m quite profession to English and I am happy with the traveling abroad as I’m good dealing with the people from other cultures. It makes the whole job even more interesting. I will send my resume to you still this week.

Hello, I am Richard from the Brooks Head-hunter company. Can I have a private talk with you?
Er? I am driving right now. Can you call back in 30 minutes?
Sure. Hi, Monica, Richard again. Have you ever heard about our company? It is an international one with good reputation. We have a lot of successful cases. If you’re trying advance your career, I would love to help you. XYZ Company is one of our clients. They’re in need of the talent like you. Would you be interested in taking part in an interview? It is scheduled some time within this week.
Thank you for calling. I really appreciate your kindness. But right now, I’m very busy preparing for an interview of another company. I don’t think I am available for this opportunity.
Ok, I see. Good luck to you. You have my number. Call me when you change your mind. I can send you more detailed information about company and jobs you might be interested in if you give me your private e-mail address.
Well, I will text to you. Thank you, bye for now.
You’re welcome. Bye.

... Now, that's all I want to say about world coal reserves. So let's move on to the next topic, renewable resources. There are three things we have to consider when talking about renewable resources. First, sustainability ; second, marketability ; lastly, the reality factor. Let's talk about each point in more detail... John, would you like to take it from here?
Certainly. As my colleague just mentioned, sustainability is a major concern when examining the potential output of a resource. Of course, as you can see from the content of our presentation today, with renewable resource, there is a much larger sustainability than with non-renewable resource.

Hello. This is Lucy from ABC Company. Is this Monica?
Yes.
I am calling to inform you that you have passed the first two rounds of interview. Could you please come for the final round? It is scheduled on the morning of next Monday 10AM in the HR manager office.
Thank you for calling me. I will be there on time.
Ok, see you then, bye.
Bye.

So that concludes the introduction. Now let's move to the first part of my talk, which is about 2006 fiscal year marketing plan. So first, right off the bat, When looking at the marketing plan, tell me some of the goals that we had set this year to begin with...
We wanted to appeal to a younger set of consumers and also, in line with that goal, redo our image...
That's correct. If you remember, we also set a goal to double distribution in overseas markets. Now, when looking at the data to evaluate whether or not we made our goals, there are three things to consider. First, the original condition of the market, second, our marketing numbers from the previous year, and third, our final sales figures for this year. Now I want to describe for you the second and third parts. If you look at the overhead, you'll see a graph... The blue line represents our sales from the year 2005, the red line is the sales in 2006... As you can see, our sales in 2005 were quite slow to start off with, but managed to make decent performance in the last part of the year. On the other hand, you can see this year's sales took off like a rocket.

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop. Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you. First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development, Harvard's own Dr. James Smith. Dr. Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years, and has taught at Harvard since 1995. And now, without further adieu, we'd like to welcome Mr. James Smith.
Thank you, Mr. Jackson, ladies and gentlemen, colleagues, friends. The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world. I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy. I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined. I've divided my talk into three parts, first an overview of international relations, second a discussion of current political situations, and lastly trends for the future. My presentation will take about two hours, but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle. We'll stop for lunch at 12.

Could I ask you for a favor? My laser printer is out of ink and I need to print out something urgent. If you don’t mind, I would like to send you these files. Could you then print these for me?
Sure, just send me through internal mail.
Thanks, Vivian.
No problem at all. Welcome.

Could you please cover for me two hours this morning?
Sure. Any specific reason I should know about in case people ask where you are.
I have to see the dentist. We have an appointment for this morning from 9 to 11 o’clock. So if there is any phone call, please pick up for me. If there is something urgent, tell them I will be back in two hours.
No problem. Good luck.
Yes, I will need it. Thanks.

Hi, Monica, I am afraid I can’t make it to the office to punch out.
Where are you?
I am still in XYZ Company, this meeting took longer than I expected. Say to it that the office manager knows I won’t be in to punch my card.
Ok.

I would like to ask for one day off next week. Do you think the manager will agree? I know it is the busy time for our company, but I do have some important things to handle.
Well, it is hard to say. At least you need to come up with a good reason.
Actually, it is my mother’s wedding. My parents divorced many years ago. Now she is ready to establish a new family. It is a special occasion. I’Ve got to be there, right?
Yes, you should be there. Go find the manager and ask. I think the manager will understand and approve you a day off. Don’t forget to fill in the leave application form. It will be signed by the manager for approval.
Thank you so much.

Can I ask for leave this afternoon?
What is the problem?
I had a headache this morning. I didn’t pay attention to it. I thought probably it is because I didn’t sleep well. But now it is getting worse and worse. I feel quite dizzy now and my eyes are somehow very light-sensitive. Maybe it is the migrated.
It is ok. You look really pale and red eyes. I suggest you go home immediately and have a good rest.
Thank you very much. I am sure good rest will do indeed. I don’t have this too often.

Listen, you can not afford another day off. You’Ve called in sick five times in the last three weeks.
I know, but I am really sick.
Well. I want a note from the doctor this one and to be honest, if it continues, we may not be able to have you here.
I understand, sir. I’ll bring a doctor’s note in tomorrow. I am sorry, Mr. Thomas

My computer isn’t running at the same speed it used to be, it is testing my patience everyday. Can you tell me how to make it run faster?
If you want to speed up your system, you’Ve got to clean it up first.
How?
You need to free your disk space. The simplest way is to use a Disk-Cleanup tool to remove temporary files and in store programs that you no longer use. Things should be fine next time you start. You also need to control what starts up. There is a program calls Start-up Delayer, It can help to set after how much time programs should be loaded after Windows boosts. For example, you can choose to set your Fox Mail program to load 30 seconds after Windows starts up.
Very useful advice, I will try them right now.

Francis, you have done an outstanding work in the past six months. In view of your achievement, I trust you’re now indispensable part of our company and you deserve an officer director title.
I am so happy to know that I could make some contribution to our company.
This title does not only give you a raising pay-check, but also increase responsibilities. Congratulations, and hope the best for you.
Thank you, I will be doing my best.

Hi, Monica, how is everything going?
Everything goes well, but I am thinking about quitting my current job.
Why? You’re not satisfied anymore?
I just sense. But I cannot grow anymore. My boss is not really supporting me. I am interested in some positions in other JV companies, but I need to do some more in-step research before I send my application letters out.
That is important. Doing research on a company you are interested in will definitely help your application.
Certainly, it is very nice talking with you. But I really have to go now. Catch you later.
Ok, good luck to you.

Congratulations, Francis. Your hard working finally pays off. I am so happy for your promotion.
Thanks, Monica. Without support from you and other colleagues, I would not have made it.
I hope I could get promoted some day. Tell me about your experience, ok?
Well, just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough, you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective. Don’t be afraid of taking challenging. They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal. You learn more from that actually. Sometimes, you need to fail to be successful.
How do you think if I volunteer for some work?
I think it is a smart idea. Our boss always likes it when employees take initiatives.

Marketing Manager’s Office. Can I help you?
Mr. Smith, please.
Sorry, he is out.
What time do you expect him back then?
Sorry, I am not sure. Can I take a message?
No, thanks. I will call back later.
That’s fine. Please call again later.
OK. Thank you. Goodbye.

When can I have your firm C. I. F. prices, that is to say, the final offer, Mr. London?
We’ll have them worked out by this evening and let you have them tomorrow morning. Would you be free to come by then?
Yes. I’ll be here tomorrow morning at 10.
Perfect. Our offer remains open for 3 days.
I don’t need that long to make up my mind. If your prices are agreeable and if I can get the commission I want, I can place the order right away.
I’m sure you’ll find our price most favorable. Elsewhere prices for hardware have gone up tremendously in recent years. Our prices haven’t changed much.
I’m glad to hear that. As I’Ve just said, I hope to conclude some substantial business with you.
We shall be very pleased. Is there anything else I can do for you, Mrs. Anderson?
I’m buying for chain department stores in Canada. They are also interested in Egyptian carpets. Could you introduce me to the person in charge of this line?
Certainly, I’ll make an appointment for you with Mr. Jordan of the Egypt National Native Produce and Animal By-products Import and Export Corporation.
Thank you very much.

If you are staying here for a few days, we’d be delighted to see you at our factory.
It’s very kind of you to say so. My associate and I will be interested in visiting your factory.
Let us know when you are free. We’ll arrange the tour for you.
Thank you. I’ll give you a call this afternoon to set the time. There’s nothing like seeing things with one’s own eyes.
That’s for sure. You’ll know our products better after the visit.

We did a survey on your job performance.
How did I do?
Not so good. Lots of complains.
Really? I thought I was doing well.
Your performance so far is not quite in line with what we expect for our executives. I hope I’Ve made my point.

I’ll show you around and explain the operation as we go along.
That’ll be most helpful.
That is our office block. We have all the administrative depart - ments there. Down there is the research and development section.
How much do you spend on development every year?
About 3-4 % of the gross sales.
What’s that building opposite us?
That’s the warehouse. We keep a stock of the faster moving items so that urgent orders can be met quickly from stock.
If I placed an order now, how long would it be before I got delivery?
It would largely depend on the size of the order and the items you want.

How do you think the report I wrote?
Not bad. But there is more room for improvement.
I jumped the gun.
There were some gaps in your report. Please be more sorrow.
Yes, I overlooked some facts. I’ll be more sorrow.

I’m glad to have the opportunity of visiting your corporation. I hope to conclude some substantial business with you.
It’s a great pleasure to meet you, Mr. Brown. I believe you have seen our exhibits in the showroom. May I know what particular items you’re interested in?
I’m interested in your hardware. I’Ve seen the exhibits and studied your catalogues. I think some of the items will find a ready market in Canada. Here is a list of my requirements, for which I’d like to have your lowest quotations, C. I. F. Vancouver.
Thank you for your inquiry. Would you tell us the quantity you require so that we can work out the offers?
I’ll do that. Meanwhile, could you give me an indication of price?
Here are our F. O. B. price lists. All the prices in the lists are subject to our confirmation.
What about the commission? From European suppliers I usually get a 3 to 5 percent commission for my imports. It’s the general practice.
As a rule we don’t allow any commission. But if the order is a substantial one, we’ll consider it.
You see, but I do business on a commission basis. A commission on your prices would make it easier for me to promote sales. Even two or three percent would help.
That’s something we can discuss later.

How do I submit an expense report?
You need all your receipts for reimbursement.
You mean I have to attach the receipts with the expense report?
Yes, here is the form for an expense report. Fill it out and give it to me. I’ll get it signed for you.

Good morning, Miss Monica. Nice to meet you again!
Good morning, Mr. Thomas, it is nice to see you too.
After the internal discussion, we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates. So, today let’s talk about your expected salary and social benefits. What is your expected salary?
I’Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years. Depend on my work qualifications and experience, I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start.
The basic salary for this position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance.
It is a bit lower than I expected. But I can accept that. What are the working hours?
40 hours a week, Monday to Friday, 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day..
Do I have to work on weekend? If so, how do you pay for the overtime?
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary, but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day.
Is there probation?
No probation is involved. If you feel good, you can start next week.

Hello, Mr. Thomas. Could you spare a minute?
What do you need?
I need to talk to you about that new driver you’Ve hired. I think I am going to have some problems working with him.
He seems to be quite qualified. If it is a personal problem I preferred if you would work out between yourselves.

Could you give me an expense report? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season.
Here you are. Do you need glue?
That is very kind of you. I’m just running out of glue.
You’re welcome.

With tomorrow being Labor Day and all, I think it would be a nice gesture to let all the members of laboring staff leave work an hour early. What do you say?
What! That sounds perfectly ridiculous! Labour Day is a holiday for everyone, not just laboring staff... and we get a whole day off tomorrow anyway, so what's the point of an extra hour tonight?
Well, we all get Labour Day off as a holiday, the real purpose of the holiday is to remember all the people who do manual or other hard labor. It's to celebrate those who work doing what other people might not be willing to do. I think we ought to do something in honor of the common worker.
So if we did allow the laboring force to go home early, how many people are we talking about?
In our company, the loborial force makes up 60 % of our workers. We'd just be letting slightly over half the folks out a little early.

I call this meeting to order. Thank you all in attendance today, I know it's a busy day for you all. We have a lot of material to cover today. Did everyone get an agenda?
I need a copy of the agenda. Also, may I suggest something? I know we have many points to review today, but would it be possible to limit our meeting time to finish before four o'clock? Many of us still have a mountain of work to do before the day's end.
We should be able to finish everything up before then. Let's run through the major points first, and see where we're at. The first matter of business is to approve the minutes of our last meeting.
I propose we accept the minutes.
Good. Do I have a second?
I second.
motion carried. Now, next on our agenda is our budget review. Margaret, can you please fill us in on where the budget review stands?
I gave everyone a copy of the manual last week. We've had the review board going over everything, and they have come up with a final review. Here's a copy for everyone, and if you have any questions, you can talk to me after the meeting. Basically, the budget review has been completed, with maybe a few polishing details left.
What kind of action is required?
If everyone could take a look at the final review handout, if there're any objections or corrections, let me know. Next week, we can cast the final approval.

Could I ask some questions regarding to the social benefits?
Go ahead, please.
How long is my paid vacation every year?
You’ll have 10 days paid vacation every year.
What about the insurance and housing policies?
We will provide you wit life insurance, health insurance, accident insurance, housing benefits, heating allowance and transportation allowance.
How often is the bonus?
You’ll be paid a bonus at the end of every year.
Do I have training opportunities?
We provide our employees with training opportunities at home and abroad.
Well, I don’t have any other questions so far. I would like to think a couple of days before I give you my final answer.
Sure. I will ask Lucy to call you in two days.
Ok, thank you for your time and patience.
You’re welcome.

Give these sales figures a look. It's pretty depressing. We're way in the red this year. We can't afford to keep going like this for much longer.
You're right, we need to start making money soon, or at least manage to break even. But I think that the market is slowly beginning to heat up--sales are bound to pick up any time now.
Deman is dropping. The problem is our competition. They are monopolizing the market!
Maybe we should rethink our marketing strategy to include the possibility that our new line of cosmetics could be a big seller.
It's really too early to tell, but a lot is riding on the new products. If we don't do better after the product launch, we may have to go bankrupt.
Do you think it's that serious?
Look at this numbers and see for yourself. Read'sm and weep.
My goodness, I didn't realize it was that bad.

What's our target audience for this campaign?
This go-around we're focusing on new moms, families with median income and one or more children under the age of two.
Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for?
Well, there are some similarities that come up. Because both groups are made up of mothers... so as before, we can play up on maternal instincts, hygiene, safety, along those lines. But that being said, there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here.
Right, that makes sense. What's the average age?
Demographics say an average age of 28.7, educational background of university or post-grad, annual household income of 40-50 K a year.

What kind of promotional events are scheduled for the new product line?
Marketing has us set up with product launches in five major cities, as well as some sponsoring events throughout the year. All together, there will be 15 events.
What kind of sponsoring are we talking about? I don't know how effective sponsorship really is...
It's not what you're thinking. These events will give us a wider exposure than most. Take the tri-city marathon for starters. This is a highly publicized event. The television exposure alone will nearly double our customer awareness.
Other than the marathon, what else is on the list?
We've got a spot in Olympic Stadium sponsoring one of a team's equipment, then a rally for cancer research, and a connection to the inner-city education program.
Sports, medicine, education... seems kind of random, don't you think?
It might seem that way, but this events were all carefully chosen based on marketing research. These are the events that our customers and potential customers care about.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see... You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean, and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine. We will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports? I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

What are our areas for growth? What sectors do you see the most potential in? If we are going to pull our sales numbers up and develop the brand, we got to work across the board.
It's not just spreading out to new markets that we have to address. I think we'd better first pay attention to developing our brand in the markets we already have.We'Ve reached the awareness level, but we haven't established customer loyalty. People know who we are, but they still don't trust in our brand.
I don't see why we can't work on opening new markets and developing the markets we've already penetrated at the same time... Both aspects of developing our customer base and developing our brand are important.

Which of the steps are you focusing on in brandgrowth Awareness, understanding, acceptance, or loyalty?
We're working on different steps in different areas.For example, our Colbert line is thriving in American markets, we've already reached the loyalty stage.In Asia, however, it's a different story.Most people haven't even heard of Colbert, so we're working on awareness through a lot of product launches and related activities.
What are you doing to increase understanding in the European sector?
Understanding comes from product differentiation.We get that through product demonstration, literature, expert testimonials, and the like.

The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge.
Unfortunately, it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford.
Why is the price so high?
It's not just that the price is high, it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly.
Model of computers aren't compatible?
Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities.
Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out, the price of this model will become more affordable.
But by then, the technology will be outdated.
True, but our focus has never been affordability anyway. Coastwise, we may not be very competitive, but qualitywise, we definitely have an edge.
That's right, no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable.
This model has advanced technoledge, superior components, it is compact, and it's a top-quality product.
I guess you get what you pay for.

Didn’t you punch in this morning, Monica?
Sorry, I don’t know the rule about punching.
That’s ok. I should have told you earlier. This is a company rule.
Do we also need to punch out after work?
According to the company rule, we should punch in before 8 o’clock and punch out after 5 o’clock every work day.
How about the lunch break, Lucy?
From eleven thirty to 1 o’clock.
May I ask whether we need to work overtime?
Sometimes, but not quite often.

Good morning, I am Monica. Are you Mr. White, the manager of finance department? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department.
Yes, that is me. Nice to meet you, Monica. Welcome on board!
Thank you. I am very happy to have my own office now. I’Ve never had one before. It is very nice.
Well, we have nicer things than that in this company. You will find out soon.
Really? What could that be?
Well, I bet you will love them too. If you need help, just ask me any time. I am in the next door. You can also reach me through the extension 508.
That is very kind of you. Thank you very much.

Good morning. I’m Liu Yi, from China XYZ Company. We have an appointment with Mr. Thomas.
Welcome to ABC Company. We have been expecting you, please have a seat. I will call him.
Thank you.
Mr. Thomas will be here very soon. In the meantime, may I ask all of you to sign in so that I can issue your passes?
Should each of us write separately?
Yes, please. Please print your name and company name, and the person you are going to see.

May I ask whether we are allowed to wear casual clothes in the office?
Sure, company rules are not very strict at this point.
Thank you for telling me that.
But remind you, there are some forbidden activities.
What are they? I’ll be careful.
Don’t use office phones for personal matters.
I got it.
Never ever come to work drunk, also smoking in the office is not allowed.
I see

I am Liu Yi, from China XYZ Company. I’d like to see Mr. Thomas, please.
Do you have an appointment, Mr. Liu?
No, I am afraid not. I just arrive in town today.
Mr. Thomas is quite busy, I’m afraid he won’t be able to see you today.
Would you please ask when he will be free?
Have a seat please while I call.

May I speak to Mr. Smith?
He is at the warehouse this morning.
What time do you expect him back?
Sorry, I have no idea. You can call him there if you like.
Ok, I have the number. Bye!

Is Mr. Thomas there, please?
Sorry, I can’t hear you. Could you please speak up a little?
I said, is Mr. Thomas there?
Pardon? The line is bad. Don’t hang up please. I’ll have the call transferred to another line.

Mr. Thomas is making a long-distance call. Please wait for a few minutes.
Would you like some coffee or tea?
Coffee would be fine.
How would you like your coffee?
I like it black.
Coffee will be right with you.

Hello.
Hi, Lucy, are you free to talk?
Not really, I’m in a meeting. Can I call you back in... say... 15 minutes?
Sure, speak to you later. It isn’t urgent. Maybe it is easier if I send you an e-mail.
Ok, I’ll look out for it. Sorry, I can’t talk now.

May I speak to Mr. Thomas?
Unfortunately, he has left for the day.
I hate to trouble of you. But it is urgent. Please leave this message into him
I’ll make sure he gets the message.

Thank you for calling ABC Company, may I help you?
I’m Liu Yi. I’d like to speak to Mr. Smith.
Sorry, we have two Smiths, Robert Smith and James Smith, which one would you like to speak to?
I’d like to speak with Mr. Robert Smith.
He is on the line.

We were decorating and I’m going to ask some things.
Well, I’ll be glad to help you out. We can deliver what you need to your office.
Shall we need at one fifteen this Thursday?
We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit.
Fine, I’ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday.

We were decorating and I’m going to ask some things.
Well, I’ll be glad to help you out. We can deliver what you need to your office.
Shall we need at one fifteen this Thursday?
We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit.
Fine, I’ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday.

Good afternoon. I suppose you are Ms. Monica. My name is Mr. Thomas, the general manager of ABC Company. Here is my business card.
Thank you very much.
I am very impressed by your resume. Therefore, I am very interested to know why you’re willing to leave your current company.
I am looking for a more challenging position. I can’t grow anymore in my current job.
Ok, I understand. But why you choose us to work for?
I have studied carefully the information about your company on the internet and I have checked your company’s homepage. I am impressed by the company. And I like the products a lot. Since you’re growing steadily, I would be very eager to help you to improve your accounting system.
How do you work with a team?
I work quite well with a team. I’m a good team player. I respect people, cooperate well with member’s team. And I will do my best to help team members.
What’s your long term goal?
I’d like to bring to ABC Company not only my technical skills, ambition, enthusiasm, but also my loyalty, a sensor desire to become an administrative assistant. It is the hardest of my career plans.

I take care of the letters. I may read, sort out and organize incoming mails.
So you have to open all the envelopes.
Yes, except the personal mail. And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly.
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them?
Yes, and I check all the e-mails for Mr. Thomas.
I take care of the letters. I may read, sort out and organize incoming mails.
So you have to open all the envelopes.
Yes, except the personal mail. And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly.
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them?
Yes, and I check all the e-mails for Mr. Thomas.

I've got some great news for you!
Did you get the position you wanted?
Yes, I'll be promoted to department manager.
I'm glad to hear that. Congratulations!
Thank you. Actually, I could not believe it at first. You know, there're so many outstanding people in our company. Many of them are qualified to fill that position.
Sure, but you really did great and outperformed the others. You deserved it!
Thank you very much.

Right, that ends the third and final part of our presentation. I'd like to end by emphasizing the main points. I'll give you a brief summary. There are three potential areas for development in the future, domestic, overseas market, and the internet. Each of these markets have their own particular need for marketing strategy... for domestic, we can rely on past research, for overseas markets we depend heavily on our cultural consultants, and for the internet, we need to redo our image to appeal to a young set of consumers. Our main issue here is that we need to be sensitive to the needs of different markets in order to continue to see success. Mark, did you have anything to add?
Yes, I want to restate one more time the importance of reinventing our company's image to appeal to different customer bases. I want to end with a true story that has to do exactly with what we've been talking about today...

It is enough for today. Do you have any last question? If not, thank you for taking your time to come to our interview.
You’re welcome. For the moment, I have no further questions. I got a good picture of the job and the company. All my questions have been answered. Thank you for your time.
We will have an internal discussion and then we will contact to inform you of our decision on whether we continue with you or not.
Ok, it was very nice to talk with you and I look forward to your decision at your earliest convenience. Bye.
Goodbye.

What are in this folder?
They are reports of our company.
Are they filed alphabetically?
No, they are filed according to dates.
Can you find last month’s report for me, please?
No problem, here you are.

Okay, here are the graphs and figures for this month's sales. Let's review them all together.
This first one, I have a question... This graph is marking the sales performance for our line of hair products, right? Can this line be right? It looks like our sales plummeted. I can't believe we did that poorly... If I remember correctly, sales went down slightly, but not as dramatically as the graph shows.
I think you are looking at the wrong line. The rapid drop in sales wasn't our hair products. You are correct, the hair product sales decreased slightly, but not dramatically. The one that didn't do so hot this month was the cleaning products. I think there was a problem in the marketing plan. Some people were offended by our advertisements for the cleaning products, but it was already too late to mitigate the damage, so our mistake shows up in the sales.
Well, the good news is the new industrial cleaning products really took off. Look how the sales have shot up over the last two weeks.
That is our one major success. If you look at the other graphs, you can see that most of the other product lines remained steady with little increase.
At lease they stayed the same. That's better than dropping.

Hi, I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have. Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

I can’t make out anything, the words are too light. I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month.
It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax.
Ok, no problem. We do it ourselves.
Do you know how to do it? I am not so good at machine things. I will have somebody do it as soon as possible.
Check with somebody from the IT department. They are anyway in charge of the office electronic equipment.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

Would you please mail these letters, Lucy?
Yes, Sir.
These two are urgent letters and should be sent by registered express airmail. Others are ordinary letters.
All right, who should I send them to?
It’s sent to Mr. Charles. I believe he is in London.
Ok, home or office address?
Office address, please. He might be at work when they arrive.
Should I enclose this commercial paper with these two letters?
Yes, it’s right.

Look, the printer isn’t functioning well. I’Ve pushed the start button. It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log. What’s going on?
Let me check. It has a paper jam.
I didn’t pay attention to that. I will try to get the paper out.
Be careful, the cartridge can be very hot.

Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules.
Well, all right. There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents, information and other things.
What are they?
They are, keep the documents in chronological order, remove all the chips and pins, punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder.
And what is the most important point?
You should always remember that one customer on file is the rule.

Hello, this is Francis.
Hi, this is Monica. I was wondering when we can work on this financial report.
Today, I am busy all day long.
Shall I see you on Friday morning?
That’s not good for me at all.It’ll have to be another time.
We must find some time to read report.
I know. I am available from 1 PM to 4 PM on Friday afternoon.
That’s all right. Then see you on Friday afternoon.
See you.

Lucy, I’d like to fix the light in the corridor, it keeps flashing, which drives me crazy. Would you like to help me with the ladder?
Monica, wait a moment. I think we’d better call the repair man to do it.
I think I can handle it by myself.
I’d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company.
I see. If I got hurt when fixing the light, even during office hours, I wouldn’t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility.
Other company rules also need your attention.
Like this one? Never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder.Yeah, thank you for telling me.
Don’t mention it.

We have the orientation this afternoon.
What’s going to be covered in the orientation?
The company introduction, our mission, vision, various policies, insurances, pension plan, company ID, batch, telephone, e-mail set-up and training.
Quite a lot. All them one afternoon?
Yes, it is not easy.
It is ok with me. I enjoy being busy and learning new things.

Hello, this is Lucy from ABC Company. Is this Monica?
Yes, it is.
I am calling to inform you that we have arranged an interview for this accountant position at 2 PM this Thursday afternoon. Please come on time.
Ok, thank you. By the way, could you please tell me how I can get there from A community?
Oh, you can take the subway, get off at B stop and walk north for several minutes. You will find a building. It will take about 40 minutes in total.
I got it. Thank you so much.
You’re welcome.

Good afternoon. How can I help you?
Good afternoon. My name is Monica. I am here for the job interview at 2 PM.
Ok, please first fill in the form and return it to me. You can do it in the next door.
Done. Here is my paper.
Everybody attention. I would like to make sure you all know the process. The interview consists of three parts. One, all of the interviewees will answer the question there and lasts for maximum one hour. Two, we will take a 30 - minute’s break. After the break, we all come back to this office and I will announce the successful candidates for the 2nd round. In which, you have a small interview with your future manager.
What about the 3rd round?
Good question. But I will tell you when you pass the first two.

What’s up?
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer, I can’t send out this e-mail. Do you have the number of the text port?
Do you mind I have a look at your computer?
Of course not, I appreciate that.
Well, it has nothing to do with virus. The problem is your attachment is a bit larger. It has exceeded the e-mail capacity.
I see. What can I do now?
You can send a compressed one.

The demographic reports are in... From the looks of it, we're going to have to re-evaluate some of the content for our promotional events in different venues.
Why, what's the lowdown?
According to the report, our Boston crowd is quite different make-up from our Chicago folks. Our Boston consumers are mostly from mid-level to upper-class income levels, university or postgraduates, married no children, white collar... You know the kind. Chicago on the other hand is mostly mid to low income levels, single parent homes, blue collar... I think we're talking about two totally different target groups.
I have no idea there was that great of deviation between the two venues... To make our products sell, we have to take the target audience into account.
No kidding. We've got to come up with two completely different sales pitches to suit the needs of each groups.

Excuse me, could you please show me the way to the human resource department?
Yeah, but have you made an appointment ahead?
Yes, of course. I am Monica. I have made an appointment with your HR manager.
Just a minute please. I’ll make a call to the HR office. Yes, they confirm your appointment. Please come in. it is on the 3rd floor, room 3106. You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today.
Thank you very much.
You’re welcome.

How come it is slow as a snail today?
You mean the network connection?
Yes, I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now. It took me almost one minute to open it. Then there is no response to any click.
I have the same question. I can’t send out mails. We’d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately.
Ok.

What's holding us back on the plant expansion project? We were supposed to see the specs on that ages ago.Why haven't I heard anything about it? Did the whole project just vanish into thin air?
No, sir. The plant expansion project has been delayed.There was a snag up in the fling process to get the necessary construction permits.It seems that the property we were slated to build on is also habitat for some endangered indigenous species.
You're joking, right? No wonder we've been tied up with this project. I know the environmental impact statement will take forever to get approval if they've found anything endangered on the site. Are they positive there is evidence of endangered species actually living there?
The environmental review board has a team on it now.Hopefully we'll know more by the end of the week.

How long will it take for our order to be delivered?
Let's see. You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China. They should be able to place your order before the end of next week. It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo. The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today. Domestic shipping will be your responsibility, you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles.
Fine, we will handle domestic shipping, but what about customs? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports? I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control.
No, the Chinese company has that all worked out. With the paperwork you receive with the shipment, you should be good to go.

Last month, we only had 40 hits on our site. Our products and prices are good, but the problem is that no one knows about our website.
If we want to get this internet business off the ground, we've got to do something fast.
We need to maximize the chances that our site will be at the top of search engine lists, but I'm not sure how to do it.
We've got to put more buzz words into the page text, so it will pop up when people search about our kind of products.
Yeah, you're right. We've got to get the most popular phrases there... How else can we boost site traffic?
I think one of the least costly ways to attract business is to ask some of our neighboring sites to offer links to our page inside of theirs. If they have related services, they may be willing to help us out.
I guess we could also put out a few advertisements for our website inside of the search engine. I would like to find the most effective way to let people know about our site and our products.

Have you seen the sales report for last quarter? Who do you think is our digest threat?
From the numbers, it seems like Forest Inc. is our digest competitor... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market.
Le'Ban is the new kid on the block, it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon... With them on the scene, the competition is outthrough.
here's information about our competitor's recent market activities...
Thanks, this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies. With competition this intense, we'll have to step up production even more. We need a price we can compete with.
We're in a very competitive environment. It's sink or saimin this market.
Better start swimming! we've got to find a way to outsmart the other guys. I want a preliminarily strategic marketing plan on my desk by next Tuesday... the competition never sleeps and neither should we.

How much do you have budgeted for our trip to Las Angeles?
In total, it should be about $ 5,000 for the week conference. Would you like to see the breakdown?
Yes, I want to know exactly where the money is going. Give me a detailed report.
First we have the airline tickets, which are $ 500 per person ; with four of us going, that's t $ 2,000. For our accommodations, we're spending $ 80 a night, per room, for five days. That's another $ 800.
Weren’t you able to find anything less expensive? We're sharing rooms, right?
I have two people to a room. The $ 80 room rate is the lowest I could find. With the conference going on that week, all the hotels have inflated their prices, they're making a killing.
So far we have $ 2,800, what else?
I have budget $ 25 per Peron per day for food expenses. That totals another $ 800. And for other incidentals, like take fees, and tips, I have estimated about $ 400.
Well, that's only $ 4000. Didn't you tell me your budget was $ 5000? Where is the rest of the money?
That's my buffer... I wanted to leave a little room in the budget, just in case---it's better to be safe than sorry.

How did your company's fundraiser go?
The fundraiser events went really well. We were able to partner with a few of our competitors, all in fun of course, to sponsor a marathon for the American Cancer Society. All of the people who participated it had a great time, and we were able to raise a lot of money to contribute to cancer research.
So how does it work? How were you able to make money with the marathon?
Each of the runners that participated the marathon race paid a ten dollar entrance fee. Also, they went door to door to get sponsors who pledged a dollar per mile that participants ran. All in all we were able to raise several thousand dollars.
Sounds like a great deal for the American Cancer Society.
In all honesty, it's also a great deal for our company. The exposure that we gained from sponsoring an invent like this was great for our image in the community. We accomplished as much as last year's advertising campaign, plus we were able to do a little fundraising for a good cause.

John, I'd like to see you in my office for a minute.
Yes, sir, I'll be there in just a moment.
John, I have been watching you. I've been paying attention to you over the last quarter and I'm impressed. You've done a tremendous job in tackling some difficult accounts. I just want to let you to know, after this month's performance reviews, I'm recommending you for promotion.
Gosh sir, thank you, sir! I had no idea there were any positions opening up in our department.
Well, it's not going to be in our department. I've recommended you for an interdepartmental transfer. There's supervisory spot opening up in financial. I'm turning your name in for it.
Management? Wow, I had no idea I could move so quickly from entry level to managerial staff.
You've earned it.

What's the deal with the Asia area sales? Did you have a chance to look at any other reports that came in from the branch offices?
We got numbers back from our offices in Beijing, Hong Kong, Taipei, Singapore and Tokyo, we're waiting on Bangkok and Kula Lumpur.
What do the preliminary figures tell you? Any kinds of trends going on for the branches in the Far East?
It's hard to say, because the branches are located in diversity different countries, cultural and social influences will definitely play a part in the success of the product in the various markets.
For example?
For instance, some products that do very well in Tokyo branch are a flop in Malaysia.We're talking about different people with different lifestyles and different needs. Each of the branches takes these types of things into consideration when they compile their reports and their marketing plans.

Hello, this is Lucy from ABC Company.
Hello, Lucy.
I’m calling to see if you have made your decision. You are the right person we are seeking for.
Yes, I have decided to work with your company.
Good news for us. When can you start to work?
It’s my honor to be one member of your company. I’d like to begin to work any time as you like.
Ok, please come to my office at 9 AM next Monday. I will introduce you to our boss.
No problem. Thank you for calling me.
You’re welcome.

Thank you all for coming to our monthly staff correlation meeting. Today we have a lot of new things to introduce to you all, there will be a lot of changes in company policy to accommodate better employee welfare.
Employee welfare? What all does that include?
In the past, our welfare program has consisted of benefits packages only, meaning partial health insurance coverage and retirement plan. But we hope to boost morale by increasing incentives and adding additional welfare considerations.
What kind of considerations are we talking about?
It is proposed that from now on, employees will be given 10 paid sick days, in addition to their 2 week vacation periods. They will also be encouraged to maintain proper physical health with a company sponsored aerobics class on Friday nights. We have also consulted with the human resource department and have hired a new liaison between management and employees. Let’s all welcome Ms. Michelle Cain to our team as our company’s ombudsman.
Our company now has n ombudsman?
Yes, that’s right. From now on, whenever you have a question or concern regarding anything that happens during the work day, Ms. Cain will be your advocate. If you believe there is anything inappropriate or unfair in the management practices, the ombudsman will be the first person you seek. Her job is to have your best interest at heart.

Are you free next thursday?
Yeah, why, is there something going on Thursday?
A bunch of us in the office are planning a retiring party for Bob, he's been with the office for ages, so everyone was really surprised to hear he took early retirement.
Bob is retiring, wow... that's news to me, I had no idea Bob was that old, retirement's still sixty-five, right?
Retirement age is still 65, but I think more and more people are retiring earlier, I think Bob's in upper fifties already, he just looks pretty young.
Wow... I thought he was early forty stops, why would he want to retire so soon?
Well, I think you prepare it well and capture good savings, retiring early can give you a lot more time for travel and other activities, you should get out and enjoy the life you still can't, don't you think?

Margaret, I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat, to take place next month. We need to book the venue, make arrangements for speakers and door prizes, and set up all the activities and accommodations. Also, very important, we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go. We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations.
What's the criteria for staff to attend? Are we only including our management team in this affair? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend?
Lower level employees need not attend. The purpose of this retreat is for training, especially for our management team. We want to develop a well-oiled machine on our executive level. In order to get everyone to jell together, we've got to include some fun. That's the reason for the retreat.

Mr Hughes? Do you have a minute? I would like to discuss something with you.
What can I do for you?
I was wondering, I have heard many of my co-wokers that your knowledge and experience in international markets is phenomenal. Also, I’Ve heard the rumor that you speak fluent Japanese. Is that right?
Yes, that’s right. I do speak decent Japanese.
Right now I’m working on a product launch project to open up our Asian market. We have several upcoming events to take place for the Japanese cities. We’ll be heading to Tokyo next month to get things started. What I would like to talk to you about is joining our team to help bring this project to completion.
Exactly what kind of help did you have in mind?
We aer looking for someone who is familiar with the market and cultural issues to act as an advisor to our marketing staff. We would like to set up a partnership, where we can help each other.
So if I can help you as a consultant, what is in for me?
We could give you an uncite office, as well as potential to develop your own contracts in Japan.At the same time, after helping with our project, we will be willing to split our profit with you.

How often are stockholders meetings held?
Stockholders meetings are held biannually. Usually the meetings are scheduled for spring and fall. In between the meetings, each stockholder receives biannual reports. Financial statements are made once a year.
What percentage of the stockholders actually attend the meetings? I'm guessing not a large percentage...
You're right, it's a low percentage. Also, in order to attend meetings, you have to hold a certain amount of shares. It's quite a large number, so most of the stockers are excluded from proceedings.
So, how much say do the stockholders really have?
Unless they're united, very little...

Please send this memo out to all the managerial staff... there will be training for all the department heads next week. Attendance for managerial staff is mandatory, except for the financial department. Financial officers may participate if their schedules allow.
You would like me to send this to all managerial staff? I'm sorry, sir, could you please clarify? Who all is included in managerial staff?
Managerial staff is anyone who is in a position of authority or responsibility, or who has anyone working under them. It includes all supervisors and department heads.
What about the senior account managers? Do they count?
No, they are in a position of leadership and have more experience than normal account managers, but they do not directly supervise others. They are not members of the managerial staff and will not be included in our training.

So tell me, what's the difference between the Board of Directors, the CEO, and the stockholders? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me...
No, there's a definite difference. You know, the stockholders are the people who own the company... they're the financial control system. Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer. He's the hot shot, the main guy who is the boss. If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization, everyone knows that the power will go to their head. It's too dangerous. That's the reason for a Board of Directors. The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry. They could be related to the organization, but more commonly, they are independent and non-biased.
How many people are on the board of directors?
Usually not more than 15, not less than 10. They meet monthly, quarterly, or biannually to oversee an organization or company. They provide long term planing and vision, and also act as moral watchdogs rto keep the company in line.

Where is the boss? I need him to sign a few documents. I checked in his office, but he is not there. Is he out of the office now?
Yes. Today is Tuesday, so the boss went off to his MBA seminar class. He is out of the office every Tuesday and Thursday mornings, and he has classes all day Saturday and Sunday.
What's he studying?
He is finishing up a special continue education program for executives. He can continue working, taking a few of classes here and there, and in 2 years he will complete his MBA.
Sounds like a tiring schedule.He’s probably got a lot of homework too, eh?
The classes have him out of the office, so that is stressful for him. But as far as homework goes, it is a breeze for him.
Why is that?
He just has his secretary do his homework for him.

Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department?
Sure, let me take a look... Personal Information, Education, Experience, Training... I think you should add another section for language. You speak three languages, so you might as well put that on your resume.
But languages don't have anything to do with engineering. Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field?
Not necessarily. I think people would be impressed by your language abilities. It says something about your level of intellect and experience. Also, I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume.
It's just a piece of paper, you think that they can tell if I am a well-rounded person by looking at it?
Well, you're right, the resume is limited in how much it can tell someone about a person. That's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a piece of paper. But resumes can be helpful in explaining things and giving a good impression to a potential employer.

Francis, what’s that?
Well, that is the chart showing our company’s organizational structure.
Could you tell me something about it?
Ok. On the top, Mr. Thomas, the managing director, is responsible for running the company.
How many departments do we have?
Four. They are production department, finance department, sales and marketing department and HR department. I directly report to Mr. White. He is on a business trip and is suppose to be back this morning. Probably you will be meeting him at lunch.
Ok. Who should I report to?
Mr. White, too.

So, where can I start my work?
Well, your job is to compile and analyze financial information to prepare entries to accounts. You’re also responsible for preparing profit and loss statements and monthly closing and cost accounting reports.
And I represent?
Our company just concluded a business transaction. You can help with documenting varies financial sheets involved in this transaction.
Ok, thank you.
You’re welcome. Feel free to ask me any time you need help.

Hello Mr. Jones, please have a seat. Thank you for coming in today. I have read your resume. You completed University in England?
Yes, I went to Cambridge. After graduation, I started right away into the advertising industry. Later, I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research.
So, what experience do you have?
I have ten years marketing experience. This includes both entry level and management positions. In my last position, I worked my way up to being director of the marking department.
I can see that from your resume.Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company, is that right? Later, why did you decide to leave your former post?
I felt after five years in one place, I was ready for something new. I would like to have a job that is challenging, something that I can see and do new things every day. I loved many things about my former job, and I left with amiable feelings on both sides. I was just ready for something new.
I see. Do you want to work full-time or part-time?
I would rather work full-time.
I'll make note of that. Now, what are your salary expectations?
I am willing to negotiate, but I expect at least $ 40,000 a year.

How long does it take to get to downtown from here?
It is 15 minutes’drive.
What companies do we have in our neighborhood?
Mitsubishi, HP, IBM and many other famous corporations.
Does the 7th floor belong to our company too?
Yes, our company has two floors, the 6th and 7th floor in this building.
It’s such a large firm. Do we have our own staff restaurant?
Yes, at the end of the hall.

Bob, can I talk to you for a minute? There have been some developments for the Stewart case that I really need to talk to you about.
Yeah, what's the matter now? We've had so much trouble with this case already. Don't tell me there's more bad news.
Well, I'm afraid there is. I have some bad news for you about the results of the forensic tests... there won't be any results.
What? What does that mean? Why won't there be any results?
I hate to tell you this, but it seems that every shred of evidence that would help us to convict were destroyed in a laboratory fire. There's nothing left. I'm so sorry...
Oh, no, you can't be serious. I never expect anything like this would happened. What are we going to do?
There's nothing that can be done. Everything is gone. I wish I could tell you differently, but what has happened has happened. We will just have to figure out a way to move on.

We are going to need confirmation on these orders today, and delivery must be made before next Tuesday. Do you think you can handle that?
We are willing to work with you, but do you think it would be possible to extend your confirmation deadline? We need to check the warehouse to make sure the products are in stock. The earliest I will be to get back to you is tomorrow morning.
No, I must know today because we have to go to press for the advertisements. Is there anyway you can speed up the process of checking inventory?
We can do that, but it will cost... If we have to check our inventory with all our guys on overtime, you're looking at an increased cost of, I'd say, maybe 10 %.
Are you kidding?
No, and let me tell you why... If I make my guys stay over to check the inventory, I'll have to pay them at an overtime rate, which is time and a half. I estimate it will probably take 3 guys two hours to finish, that will be an increase on your labor fee by at least 10 %... if you need the numbers that urgently, I can have them do it. Otherwise, we can wait until tomorrow morning, and I'll call you with the numbers after they're done. It's your call...

Hello? Ms. Patterson? This is Bill from Workmate calling. I'm just wondering if you had a chance to look over the estimate I sent for your gala dinner project next month... As I said in my email, we can help you with production according to your needs, but we will only be able to give insite management support services on a limited basis.
Oh, yes. I reviewed your estimate. But it seems like the project blueprint you sent with the estimate is not quite what we had in mind. Did you get a copy of the specs for this project?
Yes, I have several copies, but they're all different versions... The latest I have is version 12, is that current?
No. Later we decided to opt for the prior outline, version 7.
Hold on, let me pull up your version 7 requirements... Oh yes, no wonder our estimate is a little different from what you had in mind. I see the version 7 also includes 6 additional hostesses and a cocktail self-serve bar that wasn't in the version 12. That will definitely add to your cost on this project...

How can I help you?
Yes, I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates. I would like to see Mr. Smith.
Do you have an appointment?
Yes, he knows I'm coming. Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock.
I wonder if Mr. Smith forgot your meeting. I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm. Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place. Will you please have a seat?
Sure.
Yes, Mr. Mason, I just checked with our office manager, Ms. Terry, she said Mr. Smith briefed her on your project. She is just finishing up a meeting now. She could be with your shortly. Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting?
That would be very nice. Thank you.
Right this way, Mr. Mason. We can start with our front office. When Ms. Terry is ready, you may take the elevator at the front to the 6th floor. There is a conference room already prepared

It is really exciting news.
What news?
You don’t know? The company is going to replace these old computers with the latest ones.
You know what we will get?
We will all get a docking station on our own desk from which you can remove your laptop easily. And if you come back to office, you just reconnect your laptop with docking station.
What docking station?
This is a kind of socket mounted to your desk. The socket has all the wire connections of the company line and all the other office automation equipments, like fax, copier, a screen, printer and scanner, and it will be very convenient.
Another big step forward in saving on our office equipment, I don’t need a desktop anymore. A laptop is enough.

How come it is slow as a snail today?
You mean the network connection?
Yes, I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now. It took me almost one minute to open it. Then there is no response to any click.
I have the same question. I can’t send out mails. We’d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately.
Ok.

Look at this survey conducted by a website. A quarter of the employees will spend an average of 10 minutes everyday online doing personal things. Hi, Francis, what about you?
Well, I just spend 15 minutes as so checking my stock bonds and booking an air ticket for my mother. Anyway, I have done all my work and it is about the time to leave.
Though our company doesn’t have a return policy, limiting the personal use of internet, I don’t think the boss will like us to do that.
Certainly, work always comes first.
But it is lucky for us. The company computers don’t have software keeping tracks of websites we visit. I have shopped too often online these days.
Well, keep a low profile.

What’s up?
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer, I can’t send out this e-mail. Do you have the number of the text port?
Yes, Do you mind if I have a look at your computer?
Of course not, I appreciate that.
Well, it has nothing to do with virus. The problem is your attachment is a bit larger. It has exceeded the e-mail capacity.
I see. What can I do now?
You can send a compressed one.

Did you hear something?
Oh, it is my cell phone ringing. I set it in the vibration mode.
It is a good habit to set your cell phone to vibrate. It is very annoying to hear the loud and sudden ring tone in quiet offices.
You are right. Some ring tone is just terribly loud. You can hear it even in the next door. It is really a kind of distraction.
Maybe we can write a report to the boss to see what can be done.
Good idea.

Have you read the new rules about using cell phone at work?
Yes, not bad. Like turn your cell phone ringer off and find a private place to make calls which it’s showing your respect to your co-workers.
Well, but for this one, don’t bring your cell phone to meetings, I think it is not reasonable. What if there are some important calls?
Well, this one is not compulsory. It is just suggestion.
I didn’t pay attention to that.

I take care of the letters. I may read, sort out and organize incoming mails.
So you have to open all the envelopes.
Yes, except the personal mail. And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly.
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them?
Yes, and I check all the e-mails for Mr. Thomas.

What are in this folder?
They are reports of our company.
Are they filed alphabetically?
No, they are filed according to dates.
Can you find last month’s report for me, please?
No problem, here you are.

A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days. He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it. He recommended me to subscribe to it. What do you say?
I think it is good if we know enough about career planning. We will make wiser choices. What else did he tell you about it?
Well, just something in general, like several key steps in planning career and how to set specific and tenable goals.
Sounds practical! To be honest, sometimes I feel puzzled about my future career. I am not sure if this job suits me the best though I work very hard on it and enjoy being a hard worker. I have always wanted to try something else and learn some new skills.
Making a decision to start over is not an easy thing to do. It seems that you need this course more than I do. I love my current job. If I take this course, I hope to learn some tricks to get myself more organized at work. If they can give suggestions about how to boost work relationships, that will be great. I need these to improve my current work performance.
Ok, then we can sign up for it together.

You didn’t show up in the morning meeting. What’s up?
Well, I just came in. I worked overtime yesterday. Some statistics and very important documents seemed to be inaccurate. So I stayed to double check them. The boss was aware of my very late work of last night. So before he left office, he told me I could come one hour later this morning.
But you still look a little bit tired. What time did you leave?
It was around 1 thirty in the morning. I guess I didn’t fall asleep till 3 because those numbers were involving in my mind. I just couldn’t stop thinking about them.
That’s normal after a tense work evening. Working overtime is not always a pleasant experience for me either. Once, I worked overtime everyday for a whole week including the weekend. That really broke my rhythm and I got a little sick later.
Working at weekend is something I hate to do most.
But if the company asks, what else can we do?

Where were decorating and I’m going to ask some things.
Well, I’ll be glad to help you out. We can deliver what you need to your office.
Shall we need at 1 fifteen this Thursday? We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit.
Fine, I’ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday.

Good morning. I’m Liu Yi, from China XYZ Company. We have an appointment with Mr. Thomas.
Welcome to ABC Company. We have been expecting you, please have a seat. I will call him.
Thank you.
Mr. Thomas will be here very soon. In the meantime, may I ask all of you to sign in so that I can issue your passes?
Should each of us write separately?
Yes, please. Please print your name and company name, and the person you are going to see.

I am Liu Yi, from China XYZ Company. I’d like to see Mr. Thomas, please.
Do you have an appointment, Mr. Liu?
No, I am afraid not. I just arrive in town today.
Mr. Thomas is quite busy, I’m afraid he won’t be able to see you today.
Would you please ask when he will be free?
Have a seat please while I call.

How long have you been in this company?
I came two years ago after I graduated from college. This is my first job.
You must have found much difference between working in company and studying in college.
Of course! Everyday, there is a deadline to meet. Bosses watching and testing me all the time, not liking in college, handed in paper months later and tested on schedule. It is so busy. But anyway, I have been trying my best to be a good employee.
Well, you’Ve adapted yourself very well. Everyone in our office thinks you’Ve made a great progress in the past two years. What is your secret?
It is so encouraging to hear this remark. The secret is to make plans. Write down your goals, short-term and long-term and make detail plans for a week or a month. Then just work hard.

Do you know that working overtime in some companies is a regular thing?
How regular?
An average ten hours or more a day according to a survey, the worst thing is that the employees get no pay for that.
You are kidding me? It is against the labor law. They should be aware of their rights.
But these people say nothing about that. They are worried about losing their job because there is surplus in labor force these days.
That’s not right, somebody should do something.

I have been very busy this year, working late, often taking work home and taking no vacation. I feel exhausted.
You should ask for a holiday and relax yourself for a little bit. You worked so hard.
You are right. For the past few weeks, I had no appetite and couldn’t sleep well. What’s worse my back started aching this Monday. It is time for me to take a vacation.

Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work?
Of course! It is the No. 1 stressor in my life. You know job stress has become a very common problem these days. So we must learn to cope with it.
Totally agree. What is your solution?
Well, there are two causes of job stress. One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition. So if we want to manage job stress, both we and the companies should do something. For me, I am trying to balance work and leisure time. You know, all work and no play make Jack a dull boy.
You seem to have a very relaxed outlook.
It is necessary. Positive attitude helps to prevent stress.
But I don’t think we can change our working condition. Anyway, we are not the bosses.
I heard some companies are providing stress management training and making changes inside them, like avoiding unrealistic deadlines and organizing relaxation activities. Our boss is a smart person. He will be learning from that if he would like to an efficient and healthy team.

I am going on a business trip to Guangzhou next Monday morning.
To visit our supplier?
Yes, as the New Year is coming, they’re organizing a party for all their customers.
Well, I guess you will meet many people in this field. So don’t forget to pack enough business cards in your suitcase.
Sure.
By the way, do you know that our company just made some changes in the business trip policy?
No, no one has informed me of that so far, tell me.
Ok, there is no cash advance anymore for short trips. You have to pay out of your own pocket, so save all the receipts from your business trip. And then attach them to your expense account. When you get back, our company will reimburse everything.
I see. What about the maximum purdy and rate, any change?
I am not sure. You can check with the finance department.
I will call them this afternoon, thanks.
You’re welcome. Have a nice trip.

Good morning, I am Monica. Are you Mr. White, the manager of finance department? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department.
Yes, that is me. Nice to meet you, Monica. Welcome on board!
Thank you. I am very happy to have my own office now. I’Ve never had one before. It is very nice.
Well, we have nicer things than that in this company. You will find out soon.
Really? What could that be?
Well, I bet you will love them too. If you need help, just ask me any time. I am in the next door. You can also reach me through the extension 508.
That is very kind of you. Thank you very much.

Hi, Francis, how was your business trip?
It was a nightmare.
What’s up?
Actually, the business trip itself was very successful. We arrived on time, we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year.
Sounds quite fruitful, why do you call it still a nightmare then?
Well, the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge. I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam. When I finally got home, I was totally exhausted. But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout.
This is really a sad story. Did they trace back your luggage?
I am still waiting for their call.
Take it easy, all sufferings have their reward.

Did you see the letter I got from Bradford Films? They sent it in response to your phone call last week.
If they wanted to say something about my call last week, why didn’t they sand it to me?
I guess they must not have your contact information, so they sent it addressed in care of your department head. Anyhow, they wrote to confirm in writing what you discussed about the Milton contract.
Can I see it for a second?
Sure, here it is...
Dear Mr. Clark, Further to our telephone call last Friday, I am writing to confirm our meeting on july 21. As we discusses, our meeting is to review the contract details.
Did they ask you to send the files beforehand?
Let’s see, ” we would e grateful if you could please send related materials to our office prior to our meeting. ” It looks like... hey, was there anything else sent along with this letter?
I don't think so, why do you ask?
The letter reads, “ please find enclosed a copy of our agenda for your review. ” I don’t see anything else in the envelope...
Maybe they forgot to attach it to the letter. You should give them another call.

I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues. For all of you, we hired Monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department. She has lots of working experiences as an accountant and I am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this.
Hello, everybody. I am Monica and this is my first day at work. I am working in the finance department. I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you. I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible. By the way, call me Monica. Everybody calls me so.

Lucy, I’d like to fix the light in the corridor, it keeps flashing, which drives me crazy. Would you like to help me with the ladder?
Monica, wait a moment. I think we’d better call the repairman to do it.
I think I can handle it by myself.
I’d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company.
I see. If I got hurt when fixing the light, even during office hours, I wouldn’t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility.
Other company rules also need your attention.
Like this one?
Never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder.
Yeah, thank you for telling me.
Don’t mention it.

Can you help me for a minute?
Sure, what I can do for you?
I'm try to write a letter to one of our clients, But I just don't know exactly what to say, I don't even know how to get started, I know I should write dear Mr. Mrs. or Ms., but the problem is I don't know the name of contact person.
You can just put Dear Sir or Madam, officialese not personal, you can write to whom may concerned.
OK, So I first thanks them for their business, I can say something like we are very grateful for your continue support, How is that?
Good! But also, write off the bed you want to tell them the reason of your writing, give them more reference.
Like Regarding our new product line, we would like to announce a special price discount
Right, do you need them to respond?
Yes, the letter would have a survey inside, and they should complete it and return to our office. How should I write that?
You can tell them " Please finding the enclosed customer service survey, else also, you can say Attach a customer survey. If you need resource it right away, you can tell them the urgent by saying Please return the survey without dely as soon as possible. Maye it more polite with this as early as convenience.

So, Monica, how do you like your new office?
Well, I love it. The room is special and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine. There are plants along the corridor. Especially, I got my own desk with computer and telephone. Such a great place!
That’s very good. I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful.
What was so bad about it?
Small rooms, small window, a small desk shared by three people. I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work.
Sounds bad! Lucky you! You didn’t take that job. I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently.
Totally agree. By the way, the number of the telephone on your desk is extension 506. You can pick up your office supplies from the supply room at the end of the corridor.

Didn’t you punch in this morning, Monica?
Sorry, I don’t know the rule about punching.
That’s ok. I should have told you earlier. This is a company rule.
Do we also need to punch out after work?
According to the company rule, we should punch in before 8 o’clock and punch out after 5 o’clock every work day.
How about the lunch break, Lucy?
From 11 thirty to 1 o’clock.
May I ask whether we need to work overtime?
Sometimes, but not quite often.

May I ask whether we are allowed to wear casual clothes in the office?
Sure, company rules are not very strict at this point.
Thank you for telling me that.
But remind you, there are some forbidden activities.
What are they? I’ll be careful.
Don’t use office phones for personal matters.
I got it.
Never ever come to work drunk, also smoking in the office is not allowed.
I see.

We'd like to welcome everyone to the Michelson Tools factory site, and thank everyone for being here today. My name is Paul Shafer, I'll be showing you around today. Please feel free to ask questions at any point during our tour, I'll be happy to answer questions for you.
Is it really necessary to wear all this protective gear?
That's an excellent question. I'll bet your wondering why we ask you to wear hard hats and safety googles while you's in the plant. The reason is simple, we care about your safety and we want to ensure there are no injuries today. As you will see, to maintain a high level of safety, we also require all of our staff to wear similar protective gear.
How long will the tour take?
It should take about twenty minutes to go through the main plant, and maybe another ten to take a look at the laboratory. All together our tour should last about half an hour.
Okay...
Well, if you don't have any questions, shall we get started? If you'll follow me, first I'll take you to the site of our semi-conductor system...

Our toner cartridges are already out of ink... Could you make an order for a new set?
We will need new cartridges for all of the office printers? That will be a large order, probably about two or three cases. The office supply store we usually go through might not have that many in stock.
You can double check with the housekeeping department, but I am pretty sure all of the machines will need new cartridges. Last time when we made our order to the supplier, the quantity was also especially high. They are used to receiving such bulk orders from us. As long as we give them a heads up a couple days in advance, they can usually fill the order.
OK, I will make a few calls and run our order by housekeeping first to make sure. Is there anything else we need to order while I am at it?
I think the only thing is toner. Try to see if they can deliver it before the end of business day tomorrow. We should really try to do better about waiting until the last minute to fill orders that are usually made on a monthly basis. Anyhow, see what you can do to expedite the order this time.
OK, will do.

Did you put this morning's faxes on my desk? I'm waiting for some urgent faxes from headquarters, I'm pretty sure they came in last night.
Everything that came in off the fax machine last night is all on your desk. But I noticed that some of the faxes came through pretty blurred. Maybe you can take a look at them. If the copy is unreadable, I'll call them and ask them to relax.
Yeah, you're going to have to call them and get them to be re-faxed. These copies are so dark, I can't make out any of the words.
What about that one?
This one? This one is so light I can barely read it. How can that be?
You know, I think the fax machine is out of toner, I can change the toner cartridge. That should solve the problem.
Yes, but this one will have to be re-faxed as well. And look, there's about three pages missing! It looks loke the fax machine ate half my important faxes, and the ones that made it through are so blurred or too light, they're unreadable!
I guess the fax machine is out of paper, too. Don't worry, I'll have someone look at it this afternoon, and in the meantime, I'll have your documents re-faxed to our other fax machine.

May I help you?
Yes, I would like to place an order for toner cartridges. We have a standing agreement with you company, so we will need the same amount as last time.
Let me key in your information into my computer. I will pull up our records for you. Do you have an order number? What name is the order listed under?
It should be under Leslie Smith. The number is 184796 A.
Yes, Mr. Smith. I have an order for three cases of cartridges, it that what you would like to refill?
Yes.
Is there the correct billing address?
No, PLS post the bill to 124 Hildrod Lane, Milton County, 98830.
I will send you an invoice in the next few days. Your order should be delivered before the end of the day on Monday.
Thank you.

Hello, thank you for calling Bradford and Sons. This is Tracy speaking, How may I help you?
Hello. I would like to speak to your director of human resources, Ms.Jenkins, Please.
Just a moment. I'll check to see if she is at her desk.May I tell her who is calling?
This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance, I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday.
Thank you, Mr.Burton.Can you please hold for a moment? I'll check to see if she is available.
No problem.
I'm sorry, Ms.Jenkins is away from her desk.She has already left for lunch.Would you like to leave a message for her?

Excuse me, Don? I hate to bother you, but I need your help on something. Do you have time to brief me on the Martin account today?
Oh, that's right. You are supposed to deliver a brief on that account tomorrow. I know there are some things I need to share with you about that. But, gosh, I don't know... Things are really busy for me today, the only time I can manage to squeeze out might be over lunch break...
I hate to make you work through your lunch break with how busy you are...
It's okay... I've already had several days in a row working through lunch...
How about this... We can make it a working lunch this afternoon, and I'll order some Chinese food for delivery. It'll be my treat.
You don't have to do that...
I insist. I really appreciate you taking time to work with me in. What is your favorite fast food? I'll cater to your taste.
Actually I do like Chinese... Let's make it a date for Chop Suey and the Martin account at about twelve thirty. Does that sound good?
Great. I'll bring the food.

Hello!
Hello, is Doris available?
This is Doris. Who's calling please?
Hi, Doris, this is Mike calling from Parker's Dentistry. I'm calling to confirm your appointment for tomorrow morning at 9 am with Dr.Parker.
Oh, I almost forgot. Thank you for calling to remind me. Actually. I do need to change the time of my appointment. I have a scheduling conflict. And I can't make it that early.
If I put you in at a later spot, would that work out?
It would have to be after lunch. Do you have anything available about 2 o'clock?
Sorry ma'm, the only opening we have after lunch is one fifteen, but I might be able to work you in after 4. would that be a better time?
That’s alright,. I think I should be able to make it at one fifteen. Can you put me down for that time slot?
No problem. I have you appointment changed from tomorrow morning to tomorrow afternoon at one fifteen.
Wonderful. Thanks very much.

Hello, this is Francis.
Hi, this is Monica. I was wondering when we can work on this financial report.
Today, I am busy all day long.
Shall I see you on Friday morning?
That’s not good for me at all. It’ll have to be another time.
We must find some time to read report.
I know. I am available from 1 PM to 4 PM on Friday afternoon.
That’s all right. Then see you on Friday afternoon.
See you.

This is today’s schedule. At 8 thirty AM, conference with the department managers. At 9 o’clock, live for the workshop where you’ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives.
That’s great. What are the prizes?
3000 RIB as bonus for each person.
To encourage the staff increases.
Ok. Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM. At 12 AM, back here for lunch.
What about the afternoon?
At 2 PM, give a presentation here with the press. At four o’clock sharp, have dinner with Mr. Smith, manager of NCC.

Would you please mail these letters, Lucy?
Yes, Sir.
These two are urgent letters and should be sent by registered express airmail. Others are ordinary letters.
All right, who should I send them to?
It’s sent to Mr. Charles. I believe he is in London.
Ok, home or office address?
Office address, please. He might be at work when they arrive.
Should I enclose this commercial paper with these two letters?
Yes, it’s right.

Hi, I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won’t be working till tomorrow. A technician has just come and checked it. He will bring me a new one tomorrow. It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing. Can I use the one in your office?
Of course you can. I am sure this one works very well. I just sent dozens of pages. How many pages are you sending? Are you familiar with my fax machine?
Yes, I think you have the same model as I have. Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol?
Yes, it will print immediately.

Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules.
Well, all right. There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents, information and other things.
What are they?
They are keep the documents in chronological order, remove all the chips and pins, punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder.
And what is the most important point?
You should always remember that one customer one file is the rule.

I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there’s something wrong with the fax machine.
What’s wrong with the fax machine? Is it urgent?
Yes, very urgent. And there is no other fax machine around. And the office of our boss is closed, so I can not use his machine either. And his secretary is out. Do you have any suggestion?
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail, you print it out.

I can’t make out anything, the words are too light. I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month.
It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax. Ok, no problem. We do it ourselves.
Do you know how to do it? I am not so good at machine things. I will have somebody do it as soon as possible.
Check with somebody from the IT department. They are anyway in charge of the office electronic equipment.

Would you like to copy the EX files and pass me the copy. There are some figures I want to check.
Here is the copy. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I also need all the letters we received from them.
Do you mean all the sales letters from them?
Yes, that’s right.
I’ll get them for you at once. And could I file the report for you?
Yes, but I need the report copied on transparency paper.
No problem.

Look, the printer isn’t functioning well. I’Ve pushed the start button. It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log. What’s going on?
Let me check. It has a paper jam.
I didn’t pay attention to that. I will try to get the paper out.
Be careful, the cartridge can be very hot.

Mr. White, I would like to give you notice that I will be leaving the company. It will be effective at the beginning of the next month.
Jessica, I am very sorry to hear that. Why are you leaving?
I've been offered another job with higher salary. And it also gives me the opportunity of promotion.
Oh. If you had talked to me first, we would have given you a raise.
You are really a good employer, Mr. White and I am very lucky to have such a good boss like you. But this new job is more in my field of interest training. It's something I have always wanted.
Ok, good luck, Jessica. By the way, if you ever need a letter of recommendation, I would be happy to write one for you.

May I see the manager of your company?
I am.What can I do for you?
Form your company's advertisement in the TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY, I learn that you are a foreign trade company of good service. I am interested in it.Here is my resume, ma'am.
Very good, you majored in International Trade?
Yes, I will graduate from the People's University of China this July majoring in International Trade.Besides, at school, I am a top student.Moreover, both my spoken and written English are pretty good.
Well, for this position, we prefer experienced employees, Those who have just graduated from university, they are supposed to start by working as an intern for at least half a year.
I think I'm qualified for the job if I can be given the chance.While at school, I once worked as part-time translator in a company and salesperson with a textile company for two years.And I don't mind being paid less from the start, I just want to enrich my experience and competence.
Good.That is the kind of man we are looking for.By the way, do you like traveling? Our sales representatives need to travel a lot.
Yes, I do. I like traveling very much.
Are you willing to work for extra hours?
Of course, I'll try my best.When can I start working?
What about next Monday?
Great.Let's start next week.Thank you, ma'am.
Well, see you next monday.

Did you working in a similar position before?
Yes. I have been with ABC Insurance Company for four years, and before that, I worked with the Pacific surveyor company as claim officer.
Could you tell me the usual procedures to handle such a case?
Yes, on the shipper's side, when the cargos arrives, all relevant documents will be forwarded to the consignee.Among other things, this party has to check carefully the content of the packing list and weight list.When cargos are found to be damaged of short landed, this party has to call for a joint survey by representatives of the shipping company and the insurance agent.Based on the survey report, they will lodge a clam for compensation.
If you act as our representative what would you do to safeguard our interest?
I think, first of all, I would ask the consignee to produce survey report on loading, if they can't produce that I would suggest them to refer the case to their shipper. Meanwhile, bad weather could be agood excuse to refuse the responsibility.
Are you able to operate the telex?
Yes, I used to dispatch telex to shippers and the consignee to inform them of changes of our schedule and other information.
Now can you tell me if you have a good command of both written and spoken English?
When I was college, I passed Band Six of College English Test.All the foreign business men I've dealt with say my English is quite good.
If you are selected for the position, you must prepare to travel overseas frequently.
No problem, I love it.Thank you for granting me the interview.

Jane, we are going to have a board meeting next Friday. Will you please arrange it for me?
Certainly, Mr. Robert. But can I have your plan?
Sure. Actually it's a routine board meeting. The things to be discussed are all written here.
Very good. May I keep it? I need it to draw up a notice of the meeting and the agenda.
Go ahead. It's for your reference. While you are at it, make me a special agenda and don't forget to have enough room at the side for notes.
You mean you need a more detailed agenda for yourself?
Exactly. As I am supposed to the chair of the meeting, I don't want it to get out of control.
I see. Ok, then where do you think we will have the meeting?
The conference room on the second floor, is that ok?
Yes, I will see that the room is ready by Friday. And I will check there are enough chairs, and the lighting and air-conditioning are all right.
Good, and please get some water, glasses and ash tray ready as well.
Sure, I will. What about the minutes? Do you think I am responsible for that too?
Definitely. The minutes have to be taken accurately.
But I am not familiar with the members of the board.
Oh, that's easy. I will write you a list of their names. You can make a seating plan with the names and give each one a number.
That's a good idea. All right, I’ll withdraw and get down to it if you don't mind.

Help me sort out my problem, will you?
OK, but I think you should keep an eye on your plan if you see what I mean.
I know it’s so costly, but...
No buts. The thing is to cut down your expense, Judie.

Well Mr. Black, I appreciate your interest in our company, but I doubt you can do this job properly.
I’m sure I can do it well. I’Ve always wanted to be the best in whatever I did. Give me a chance.
I wish I could. But you even don’t have a B. A, so I’m sorry to say there’s no chance.
You’re questioning my ability? I tell ya, I can make it! I’ll talk to your boss.
Mr. Black, I don’t think my boss will talk to you. It’s a Chinaman’s chance.
You think so? Let’s take a chance!

Hello, Miss Wu, This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited. I'd like to check my last order. When exactly was it sent out?
I can check that for you right now. Would you mind holding?
Sure. No problem.
Mr. Robson, I'm sorry. Our computer system is down. Could I call you back later?
Sure. Do you have my number?
Yes, I have it right here. I'm so sorry about this.
No problem. I'll wait for your call.

Hello, can I speak to Mark Wyatt, please?
I am sorry. I can’t hear your very clearly. Could you say that again, please?
Does Mark Wyatt work there?
Mark Wyatt? I am sorry. The line is terrible.Could you spell that for me, please?
W-Y-A-T-T, Mark Wyatt.
W-Y-A-T-T, Got it. I haven’t heard of the name.Could you hold on the line when I check.
No problem.

Hello, Fairbrook Consulting, how may I help you?
Yes, this is Julianne Horton, and I’m calling to arrange an appointment with Ms. McNeal.
Certainly, what day were you thinking of?
How’s Thursday? Does she have any time available then?
Um... let me double check... unfortunately, she’s booked solid on Thursday, how does next Monday work for you?
Actually, I’Ve got something scheduled on Monday.Can she do Tuesday?
Sure, Tuesday’s perfect. May I ask where you’re calling from?
Sure, Merton Financial Advisors.
Oh, actually, Tuesday’s no good. Sorry about that.

Want to meet for lunch this Saturday?
Sorry, I can’t. I’m busy.
What are you doing?
I always do volunteer work on the first Saturday of every month.
What kind of volunteer work?
I help out at the children’s hospital. I help plan activities.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah. It’s exciting. This month we’re doing crossword puzzles.

OK, so now the last point on our agenda. Jill, let's go over the profit and loss statement.
Great. Well, the main issue here, as you can see, is that our expenses are through the roof.
Let’s see... These numbers are off the charts! What's going on here!
Well, um, sir, the company expenditures on entertainment and travel are out of control. Look at these bills for example. Just this month we’Ve paid over twenty thousand dollars for hotel charges!
OK, thank you. I’ll look into it.
The list goes on and on. Here, this is a bill for five thousand dollars for spa treatments!
Thank you.that will be all. I’ll take care of it.
Look at this one sir, eight thousand dollars were spent in one night at a place calledWild Things?!
OK, I get it!! Thank you for your very thorough analysis!

Let's begin by having you tell me about yourself and your background.
I have been working as a paralegal for the last 10 months through an agency that specializes in the legal field. My experience has been supporting attorneys in the field of labor law, where I have been able to apply my paralegal education. I was commended on my ability to take information and break it down into usable facts. I really love research and analyzing facts. My major in college was English, and as a result, my writing skills are my major strength. I am looking for a position where my research and writing skills can be used.
What do you think are the key qualities needed to succeed in the paralegal profession?
Flexibility would certainly rank high in this type of job. In my last position, I supported four lawyers, and it was not unusual for them all to give me high-priority items to do in the same day or week. There were days when I had to stop and prioritize my work just to get a handle on everything. I would discuss the urgency of their work with each of them so I didn't drop the ball. At the same time, I made sure each of them felt like his or her project was important on my agenda. I think communication is probably the next key quality. It really worked well when I talked with each of them, explained my situation, and got their input.
Can you give me an example of a time when you had to work above and beyond your job description?
There was a very important project that had to be researched and completed by the end of the week. Even though I worked extra hours every night for almost two weeks, my boss and I stayed until 2 a. m. for two nights before the final wrap up. It was very rewarding to have put so much effort into a project and see the really great results. My boss gave me a bonus for my extra effort.
Tell me about a time when you had to research a case and encountered some obstacles you had to overcome.
I remember a case that was filled with obstacles. The first thing I did was research through documents and past cases that had similar circumstances. I assembled the facts and then tried to put them together and analyze the next step. I was able to get some input from another lawyer I happened to see at lunch. Through some hard work and fact digging, I was able to find a way to overcome most of the obstacles. I took my findings to my boss and made some recommendations, which she and I discussed and eventually resolved.My boss was impressed with the work I had done.
What are your strengths and weaknesses?
My strengths are my caring about getting the job done. I am very results-driven and have been able to meet all my deadlines in past jobs. As far as weaknesses, I really enjoy my work, and sometimes I put in too much time. But I am aware of my tendency to overwork and have learned to pace myself more.
Tell me about a time when you had a confrontation with a coworker or boss.
I did have an issue with someone who was getting on my nerves. I asked her if I could talk with her one day, and we had a good discussion. It turned out she was not aware of the impact of her actions and that she really needed an explanation of the procedure. I took the time to explain the procedures, and there haven't been any problems since that day.
When do you find a job satisfying?
My biggest satisfaction is when I experience growth in a job. When I first started as a paralegal, I had a lot to learn. But through hard work, advice from some good mentors and continuing education, I have come a long way. I've learned to be flexible when possible and to deal with difficult people in a positive manner.
How would your coworkers describe you?
First, they'll say I have a lot of energy and enthusiasm. I really enjoy working with people. Secondly, they'll say I had great customer service skills. I put the customer first. And thirdly, they'll say that I know the law. I put a lot of effort into my education as a paralegal and take it seriously.
Do you have any questions?
Yes, I do. On a scale of one to 10, what would you say morale was in this company?

How would you describe your ideal job?
I think the job should make use of the professional experience I have obtained, and offer me opportunity for advancement.
Why do you think you might like to work for our company?
I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested.What's more, your company is outstanding in this field.
What makes you think you would be a success in this position?
My graduate school training combined with my experience as an intern should qualify me for this particular job. I am sure I will be successful.
How do you know about this company?
Your company is very reputed in this city. I heard much praise to your company.

What kind of person do you think you are?
Well, I am always energetic and enthusiastic. That's my strongest personality.
What are your strengths and weaknesses?
Em, as I have said, I'm diligent and industrious. On the other hand, sometimes I'm too hard-working and I put myself under too much pressure to make things perfect.
What qualities would you expect of persons working as a team?
To work in a team, in my opinion, two characteristics are necessary for a person. That is, the person must be cooperative and aggressive.
How do you spend your leisure time?
I like playing games and having sports. They are my favourite hobbies.
So, what kind of sport do you like most?
Oh, it's hard to narrow it down to just one. I mean, I like all kinds of sports, basketball, swimming, bike riding and so on. Maybe it is just the reason why I am so energetic and vigorous.

Tell me a little bit about yourself, please.
My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing. I was born in 1980. I will graduate from Peking University this July. I have majored in accounting.
Would you tell me something about your family?
There are three in my family, my parents and myself. My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker.

What kind of character do you think you have?
Generally speaking, l am an open-minded person.
What is your strongest trait?
Cheerfulness and friendliness.
How would your friends or colleagues describe you?
They say Mr. Sun is a friendly, sensitive, caring and determined person.
What personality do you admire?
I admire a person who is honest, flexible and easy-going.
How do you get along with others?
I get on well with others.

Woo hoo! This just might be the start of the rest of my life!
What happened?
I’m in the market for a job! I went on a website with hundreds of job listings in the area and browsed through them until I got the names of a few employers I would like to work for. I have the resume I wrote for English class last month and a cover letter will be a piece of cake to write. I’Ve even done my research and found the names of the managers so I can address the letters personally. And you know I can be charming in interviews. Goodbye my penniless days! Hello salary and a career!
Ben, we’re fifteen. What kind of job are you looking for?
Oh, just for a position as a gas station attendant. You know, starting at a simple lowly job, just like all the greats before they made it big in the world.
Uh-huh.
But I’m just in it for the money, right? How else am I going to be able to afford to keep taking Angela to the movies? Besides, I love the smell of gasoline, don’t you?

Now, Miss Childs passed on your resume to me and I’Ve had the chance to look it over and I must say I’m quite impressed.
Thank you very much. I’Ve tried to keep it short and clear.If there’s any questions please feel free to ask me.
Well yes, I do have a number of questions, but perhaps first you could give me a brief overview I’d like to get a little bit of an idea of your background.
Yes, of course. Well as you can see from the resume I’m 27 and grew up in Brooklyn, New York, although our family moved to London when I was quite young, at around 16.
Ah I see, so you were actually educated in Europe?
Yes precisely. Although I was born in the US, I would definitely call London home. But as you see I’Ve actually spent a lot of my life moving from country to country. My Father was in the oil business
Very interesting. So it seems you had quite an adventurous childhood.
Absolutely! We were never still for too long. But now I’m really looking to settle down.
I see. Okay, well let’s move on to discuss your education shall we?
Sure.

I’m glad you could find time to meet with me, Mr. Johnson. I can’t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today, the ambiance here is lovely!
No problem, if possible I always combine business with pleasure. Now, let’s hear more about these chocolates you’re offering.
Well, as you know, I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States. They’re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market. Naturally, your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately. I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant, luxurious, first class dining.
Mmmm, sounds interesting... gourmet chocolates, where are they produced? Belgium?
Actually, the factory is located in Scotland.
Really? I didn’t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production...
That’s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units. They’Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well. Here, I brought these especially for you, try one!
Oh, thanks. Mmm, hmm, creamy texture, very smooth...
Unique, aren’t they? I bet you’Ve never tasted anything like it! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one’s cutting corners with the ingredients. Only the creme make it through inspection.
Yes, very interesting flavors... Slightly spicy, very unique, that’s for sure. Exactly what ARE the ingredients?
I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations. I’m sure you can keep a secret.Buttermilk, cacao beans, sugar and Haggis.
Haggis? What’s Haggis?
It’s a traditional Scottish delicacy ; you take sheep’s liver, heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep’s stomach.

Hello. Is this Ann?
Yes, it is. Kelly?
Yes, it's me.
Do you have a cold?
No. Worse than that. I have a flu. I'm in bed with a fever.
Oh, no! What about your presentation today?
I'd like to do it, of course. But I just can't. I'm afraid I'd fall down in the middle of it.
I understand. What should I tell Mr. Morley?
Why not just tell him I'm sick? I'll ring him myself this afternoon.
Alright. Have you been to see a doctor?
Not yet. I feel too lousy to go out.Anyway, I have a flu. I know what it is. I don't need a doctor to tell me that.
Do you think you'll be able to come in tomorrow? Or should I call off your appointments for tomorrow too?
I'm not sure yet.Maybe this will all be gone in a day. So it's probably better if you don't call off my appointments. I will call you later this afternoon and tell you what I think.
It's rainy weather today. Maybe it's better if you just stay inside.Make yourself some chicken soup and sleep.
Yes, that's what I plan to do. Except I won't make the chicken soup.Right now I don't think I could swallow more than a spoonful of it.
That bad, huh?
Yeah, I'm very nauseous. It's mostly nausea and a fever.
Well, I'll cancel your appointments for today. And I'll tell Mr. Morley.
Thanks, Ann. Talk to you this afternoon.
Hope you feel better.

Excuse me, sir, this is the express check-out lane for people that have fifteen items or fewer. It looks like you have more than fifteen items there.
Oh, come on! I have sixteen items! Cut me some slack, will ya?
Fine! Please place your items on the belt and push your shopping cart through. Do you prefer paper or plastic?
Plastic. I also have a couple of coupons.
No problem, I’ll take those. Sir, these coupons expired yesterday.
Darn! Oh, well. I guess it’s just not my day. Thanks anyway.
Do you have a club card or will it be cash?
Yeah I got a club card. Here you go.
Will this be debit or credit?
Debit please. Also, could I get cash back? Fifty dollars would be great.
Yeah, sure. Your total is seventy-eight dollars and thirty-three cents. Here is your receipt. Have a nice day.

And so, I just wanted to check in with you and find out where we are with this project. As you know, you’Ve missed a fairly significant deadline last week, and this will negativity impact the team’s ability to move forward with the next stages of this project.
I know, I’m really sorry that I missed the deadline. But really, it wasn’t my fault. You see, we had all of these unexpected technical problems at the last minute, and that I couldn’t get into the database and extract the kind of information that I needed for the data analysis. You know, if the tech guys would have done their job and kept the ARM stable, then I wouldn’t have missed my deadline.
Oh, come on! An excuse like that is tantamount to lying. You’re essentially blaming the tech team for your time management issues, rather than accepting responsibility for the fact that you were procrastinating for the past two weeks.
No, I’m not trying to pass the buck here ; I know that it was me who is ultimately responsible for getting this done. But the thing is, I could have finished on time if the system hadn’t gone down. And you know, with everything I’Ve got going on now, I can’t afford to waste time dealing with technical problems. I’Ve got a lot on my plate and there are only twenty-four hours in a day...
I’m not going to accept this excuse. You’re using these small technical glitches as a crutch and trying to rationalize the fact that you’Ve missed your deadline. Look, we have standards and I expect you to live up to those standards. No more phoney cases. If you’re in over your head, you tell me. No more missed deadlines. Now, I want that data on my desk by nine am!

Our advertisement says English competence is a key requirement of this position. Then how do you think of your proficiency in written and spoken English?
I have learned English for 10 years, and I have passed College English Test Band 4 and 6.My spoken English is fairly good enough to express myself fluently.
What other foreign language do you speak?
I did self-study of Japanese in college, and I can carry on some simple conversations in Japanese.

I know in your resume that you have worked in your present company for 3 years, can you tell me why you want to leave your present job and join us?
Because the job I am doing in my present company is of no challenge, but I like challenge.Your firm is a young organisation with many innovative ideas. It has been very successful in an expanding market since its establishment 10 years ago. Working for you would be exactly the sort of challenge I am looking for.
Why do you think you are qualified for this position?
I have excellent communication skills and I am familiar with the procedures for the last company I worked for. Besides, I am a team player and have great interpersonal skills.

Which school are you attending?
I am attending Hebes University of Technology.
When will you graduate from that university?
This coming July.
What degree will you receive?
I will receive a Bachelor's degree.
What is your major?
My major is Business Administration.
How have you been getting on with your studies so far?
I have been doing quite well at college. According to the academic records I've achieved so far, I am confident that I will get my Bachelor of Business Administration this coming July.
How do you think the education you've received will contribute to your work in this institution?
I have already learned a lot in the classroom and I hope to be able to make practical use of it in your company. My specialization at the university is just in line with the areas your institute deals with. I am sure I can apply what I have learned to the work in your institute.

Which university did you graduate from?
I graduated from Hebes University.
What subject did you major in at university?
I majored in Economics.
Tell me about the courses of your major in university.
I take more than 50 courses in university, including microeconomics, macroeconomics, marketing principles, sales management, statistics, and so on.
How did you get on with your studies in university?
I did well in university. I was one of the top students in the class.
What subject did you minor in?
I didn't minor in any subject when I was in university, but I attended English and computer courses. And I am currently studying finance in a training school.

Well, I’Ve looked over your resume, Mr. Peepers.
Please, call me Ted.
Well, Ted, this is a very impressive resume. However, we do have several other applicants to finish interviewing before we can make a final decision. We’ll call you by Friday, if that’s all right.
That’s no problem.
Do you have any other questions?
Well, what kind of salary do you provide?
Salary is based on experience as well as time spent with our company.
I see.
Salary can be negotiated once we officially offer you the job.
Sounds fine.

Have you received any degrees?
Yes. In 1996 I received my Bachelor of Science degree from Hebes University, and in 2001 I received my MBA degree from Peking University.
How about your academic records at college?
In fact my records were excellent. My overall GPA was 9 on a 10 scale, which was the highest in my class.
That's very impressive. Which course did you like best?
English. It was both interesting and useful, so I showed a great interest in it.
Can you tell me why you changed your major when you were a graduate student?
Because I am very interested in administration and I did take some courses in it. I also performed well in the subjects. Hence I believe that I can do a good job in this position.
Did you get any honors and awards at college?
Yes. I was awarded a scholarship from the university every year. In 1995 I participated in the National Contest of Maths Models and I won the prize.

How would you describe your ideal job?
I think the job should make use of the professional experience I have obtained, and offer me opportunity for advancement.
Why do you think you might like to work for our company?
I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested.What's more, your company is outstanding in this field.
What makes you think you would be a success in this position?
My graduate school training combined with my experience as an intern should qualify me for this particular job. I am sure I will be successful.
How do you know about this company?
Your company is very reputed in this city. I heard much praise to your company.

Have you obtained any certificate of technical qualifications or license?
Yes, I have received an Engineer's Qualification Certificate and a driver's license.
How many years have you had the driver's license?
I have two years driving experience.
That's good. What special skills do you have, can you tell me?
I have experience in computer operation, proficiency in Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel.
What computer languages have you learned?
Visual C + +, C and Delphi.
Have you gotten any special training in programming?
No, but I have database programming experience and network knowledge.

Well, that's all for the interview. Thank you for your interest in this job.
You are welcome. Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to interview me.
May I call you about our final decision?
Yes, please. My telephone number is 2974-5328, and you can call me at any time in the daytime.
We will get in touch with you by the end of next week.
Great. I will look forward to hearing from you. And do I need the second interview?
We'll notify you if necessary. Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Do you have any questions you want to ask?
Yes, I'd like to know if there would be any future opportunities for specific training.
If necessary there will be. Any other questions?
When will I know your decision?
We'll give you our decision in a few days. How can we get in touch with you?
I can be reached at my office during work hours and at home in the evening. My office phone number and home phone number are in my resume.
Thank you for your interest in our company.
Thank you, sir. I expect to hear from you as soon as possible.
Would you please let the next applicant come in on your way out?
All right. Goodbye.

Hello, BCD Company, can I help you?
Hello, may I speak to Mrs Smith?
This is Mrs Smith, may I have your name?
This is Sun, and I interviewed with you yesterday.
Hello, Mr. Sun.
I am calling to thank you for giving me the interview for the Sales Manager position yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
I really enjoyed meeting with you.
You certainly made a good impression on me, as well.
I am very interested in this position.
We'll be making the decision by the end of this week and we'll contact you as soon as possible.
Well, thank you for your time and consideration again.
You are welcome.

Anything else?
Yes, one last thing. How much holiday time do you give your employees every year?
Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year. If you don’t use the full fifteen days, they carry over to the following year.
How about sick days?
You get five paid sick days.
Any other benefits?
Yes, we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well.
Great. Thanks so much for your time.
We’ll contact you soon, Ted. Thanks for coming in.

Hello, this is Dunlin. May I speak to Mrs Smith?
This is Mrs Smith. Can I help you?
I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday.
You are welcome. I am very impressed by your capability.
Is there anything I should do?
No, nothing. It's thoughtful of you to call me again.
Thank you. Please call me at any time if you have any questions.
Ok, I will. Do you have any question?
No, thank you. Goodbye.
Goodbye.

This is Dunlin. Is this Mrs Smith speaking?
Yes, what can I do for you?
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday.
You are welcome, Mr. Sun.
And I also want to know what the status is of the position.
Sorry, we haven't made the decision at all. But we should be making the decision by the end of this week. And we'll get in touch with you once we make it.
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview?
No.
Thank you, I am looking forward to hearing from you. Bye-bye.
Thank you for the calling. Bye-bye.

Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school?
No, I was way too busy studying all the time. How about you?
Yeah, I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant.
What was that like?
It was always very busy there.
What did you do?
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders.
Did you get any perks on the job?
Yeah, I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free.

Have you found a new job yet?
No, not yet. I’m still looking. I’Ve been doing some work through a temp-agency though.
What kind of work?
I’m temping at a pharmaceutical company.
What do you do there?
Mostly office work - filing and so on.
How long is the assignment?
Till the end of the month.

Very good. Now, I have a couple of final questions.
I hope they’re not too hard!
Well, why should we hire you?
I think that I would be a perfect fit in this company. I have a unique combination of strong technical acumen, and outstanding soft skills. you know, I excel at building strong, long-term customer relationships. For example, when I headed the customer support department in my previous company, our team solved about seventy percent of our customers’problems. I decided that we needed better information and technical preparation on our products, so after I implemented a series of training sessions in coordination with our technical department, we were able to solve ninety percent of our customers’issues. Given the opportunity, I could bring this kind of success to this company.
Impressive! So, what would you consider to be your greatest weakness?
I struggle with organization and time management. Punctuality has never been a strength of mine. I find it hard to organize my time efficiently. I have actually addressed this weakness recently, by attending a workshop on efficient time management. It helped me a lot, by providing me with great insights on how to get organized and use my time efficiently, so I think I’m getting better now.
Great... Well, let me tell you that I am very pleased with this interview. We are short-listing our candidates this week, and next week we will inform our short listed candidates of the day and time for a second interview with our CEO.
Great, thanks a lot! I hope to hear from you! Good bye.

Good morning, my name is Martin. You've applied for the Laboratory Assistant's position, right?
Yes. When I saw the advertisement I thought it would really suit me.
Can you tell me why you replied to our advertisement?
I think that I'll be really good at this kind of work. In fact I learn so fast that I'll be looking for promotion very shortly.
Do you know exactly what you would be doing as a Laboratory Assistant?
A laboratory assistant helps to maintain scientific equipment, keep a check on the supplies in the store, and prepare the chemicals for experiments.
What sort of student do you regard yourself as? Did you enjoy studying while you were at school?
I suppose I'm a reasonable student. I passed all my tests and enjoyed studying subjects that interested me.
What were your favorite subjects at school?
Maths and chemistry were my favorite subjects at school. I also enjoyed history.
Do you have any plans for further study?
Well, I've thought about doing the part-time Chemistry Certificate course at Technical College. I think I would really benefit from doing that.
Have you ever had a job before?
Yes. I have worked part-time at a take away food store-the one just round the corner.
We have a lot of other applicants for this position. Why do you think that you deserve to get the job?
Well, I've found out a lot about this type of work and my research suggests that I would be quite capable of doing the work involved. I also think that I would be able to handle any training course reasonably well.
I think I have asked you everything I wanted to. Thank you for coming along to the interview.
Thank you. When will I know if I am successful?
We'll be in touch with you by telephone or by mail within a week. Well. Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Good afternoon. May I help you?
Yes, I’m here to see Joanna Stevens. I have an appointment at four.
Certainly, may I take your name? I’ll let her know you’Ve arrived.
Sure, it’s Josh O’Neil.
Ms. Stevens will be with you momentarily. Can I offer you something to drink?
Yes, a coffee would be nice, thank you.
Here you are. Ms. Stevens is ready for you now. I’ll show you to her office, right this way.

Okay, so let’s go over everything one more time. I really want you to get this job!
I know! It’s an amazing growth opportunity! They’re true industry leaders, and it would be so interesting to be part of an organization that is the undisputed leader in business process platform development.
So, let’s see, you did your research on the company, right?
Well, I visited their website and read up on what they do. They’re an IT service company that offers comprehensive business solutions for large corporations. They provide services such as ARM development, and they also offer customdesigned applications.
So what would your role in the company?
Well, the position is for an account manager. That basically means that I would be the link between our and our development team.
Sounds good, and so, why do you want to work with them?
Well, as I said they’re the industry leaders, they have a really great growth strategy, amazing development opportunities for employees, and it seems like they have strong corporate governance. They’re all about helping companies grow and unleashing potential. I guess their core values and mission really resonated with me. Oh, and they offer six weeks’vacation, stock options and bonuses... I’m totally going to cash in on that.
You idiot! Don’t say that! Do you want this job, or not?

Thanks for coming in today, did you have any trouble finding us? Please take a seat.
Thank you.
So, let’s get started. tell me a bit about your educational background.
Sure! Well, I graduated with honors from Chesterton University with a major in Business Administration, with a specialization in Information Management, and I minored in psychology. I chose this course of study for two reasons. I wanted to gain some practical, marketable skills, which the information management track provided, and I also feel that interpersonal skills are essential for professional success, hence the minor in psychology.
Interesting. And, your postgraduate studies?
Well, I am really passionate about consumer behavior, so I pursued a master’s in that area. I also strive to keep my professional skills current, so I continuously attend seminars and conferences related management and customer service.
Very good. Now, tell me a little bit about your work experience. I see here that you previously worked at Oracle.
Yeah, I worked as their customer support manager, which brought me a breadth of experience in both client care, and process management. I supervised and coordinated the customer support team as well as implemented new strategies to achieve better customer satisfaction.
Interesting...
Yes, in this position I was able to make some pretty significant contributions to the overall success of the company. With the different initiatives that we implemented, we lowered our churn rate to about five percent, which had a direct impact on revenue.

So, Lauren, I just wanted to talk to you quickly about our new customer support representative, Jason Huntley.
Sure, what’s up?
Basically, I’Ve got a few concerns about him, and the bottom line is, I don’t think he’s a good fit for our company.
Okay... what makes you say that? I thought you were pleased with his overall performance. Didn’t you just tell me last week how impressed you were with his attitude?
Yeah, his attitude is great, but he’s really unreliable.Sometimes he’s really productive, but then other times... take last Tuesday for instance, he was forty-five minutes late for our morning meeting!
Well, I’m sure he had a perfectly good reason...
But that’s not the only thing... you know, he really doesn’t have the best work ethic, I’m constantly catching him on MSN and Facebook when he should be talking to clients.
Yeah, but come on, Geoff, as if you don’t check Facebook at work. Look, you hired this guy, we’Ve invested a lot of time and money in his training, so now it’s up to you to coach him. Make it work, Geoff!
Make it work, Geoff. You would say that, wouldn’t you, he is your cousin.what a jerk, make me hire your stupid, useless, cousin.

So, Casey, how are things going with the photos for the press kit?
Yeah, I’Ve been meaning to talk to you about that. I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline.
You’Ve had over a month to get this finalized! Why are things delayed?
Well, the thing is, we ran into a lot of problems...
I’m not looking for excuses here. I just want to get this finished on time!
I know, and I apologize for the delay. But some things were just beyond my control. I had trouble booking the photographer, and then Michael was sick for three weeks, so I couldn’t include him in the photos, and the design team lost all the files, so I had to re-do the pictures.
I’m not going to put this off any longer, Casey! I want those photos ASAP!

Mr. McKenna, do you have a second? I need to talk to you about something.
Sure, Liv, what can I do for you?
Well, I was just wondering... you see, I know I’Ve used up all my vacation days this year, but my sister is getting married, and the wedding is overseas, and, well...
You wanna take some time off, is that right?
Well, sir, I was just hoping that I might be able to take some unpaid leave this year.
What dates are you planning on taking off? I’ll need at least two months notice, so that I can plan for your absence.
I was thinking of taking off from September first until the thirtieth. Would you be okay with that?
Well, I guess so.

Tell me about yourself and your past experience.
I have worked as an executive secretary for 5 years, first for trading companies, and now I am working for a trust company. I interact well with peers, clients, administrators and bosses. I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments.
How are your typing and shorthand skills?
I can type 100 Chinese words a minute and take dictation in English at 150 words a minute.
Can you operate computers skillfully?
Yes, I can. I have received some special training in computers. Besides I am good at operating common office machines, such as fax machines and duplicating machines.
Sometimes we are very busy and need to work overtime. How do you feel about that?
That's all right. But could you tell me how often and how many hours I should work overtime?
It just depends. If we have important visiting delegations, you have to stay with us. It's not unusual.
Mr. Smith, I's like to ask you a question.
OK, please.
What specific duties would I perform if I am hired?
Nothing different from a secretary's common responsibilities. However, you know, our company is an international trade-oriented company, can you handle English papers and write English correspondence?
Yes. I specialized in English secretary studies at college and that's one of the main parts of my present job.
What are your salary expectations?
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary. Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position.
The starting monthly salary would be ¥ 2,000, with rises after the half year according to your competence.
I think it's acceptable and I really like the job. And when can I know the decision?
We'll inform you of our final decision by early July. Do you have any other questions?
No. Thank you for the time.

What made you decide on this type of occupation?
Oh, to tell you the truth, I love the sky. When I was a child, I imagined flying into the blue sky some day. Now, I think the day has come. My dream will come true. And I like travelling very much and I enjoy working with people.
Can you make yourself understood in English without too much difficulty?
Yes, I think I am quite fluent in English. I got the certificate of the Secondary English Training last month.
Do you know what the responsibilities are for a stewardess?
The main responsibility of the stewardess is to make the passengers relaxed and happy during the flight. And good service is also important.
Are you in good health?
I just had a complete physical examination and I am in top condition.
Have you had any nursing experience?
Yes, I have two years of nursing experience, and now I am working as a nurse in a hospital.
How tall are you? What about your eyesight?
My height is one meter and sixty-eight centimeters. I've never had any vision problems.
What would you say are your strengths and weaknesses?
One of my strengths is my friendliness and open-minded attitude and also I think I have a warm personality. But sometimes, I find it is hard to tell others when I don't like what they are doing.
If a passenger can't understand what you say, what should you do?
I'll try to speak in another language or I'll try my best to use gestures and draw pictures.

Is Betty Sue in her office?
I’m sorry. She’s in a meeting right now.
I see.
Can I give her a message for you?
Yes, please tell her I stopped by.
And your name, please?
Ted. Oh, and could you give her this document for me?
Certainly.

Excuse me, sir. I am coming to apply for the position of accountant.
Oh, please sit down. What university did you graduate from?
I graduated from Tianjin College of Commerce.
What was your major at college?
My major was accounting.
Can you name some of the courses you completed in relation to accounting?
Sure. I took such courses as accounting principles, commercial accounting, cost accounting, industrial accounting, electronic data processing accounting, and accounting involved in foreign capital enterprises.
What kind of work are you doing now?
I'm engaged in accounting.
What are your responsibilities in your present work?
My work involves various routine bookkeeping and basic accounting tasks including journal entries, verifying data and reconciling discrepancies, preparing detailed reports from raw data, and checking accounting documents for completeness, mathematical accuracy and consistency.
Are you familiar with the PRC Financial and Tax Regulations?
I think so.
Can you tell me something about this balance sheet now?
Of course. This balance sheet contains three major sections, that is, assets, liabilities and owner's equity. So, you see, the total current liabilities of your company are $ 3,372, 000, and the owner's equity is $ 5,400, 000. That means that the total assets, which is equal to the sum of the creditor's and the owner's equities, are $ 8,772, 000.
What's the creditor's equity?
The creditor's equity is the same as liabilities.

Come in, please.
Good morning, Mrs Smith.
Good morning. You are Mr. Sun, aren't you? Take a seat, please.
Yes, thank you.
I've noticed from your resume that you majored in accounting at Peking University. Will you please tell me something about your related courses?
In the first academic year we learned Principles of Accounting, and in the following years we learned Cost Accounting, Commercial Accounting, Industrial Accounting, and Management Accounting.
Have you taken Accounting for Decision-Making and Control?
No, we haven't taken such a course, but we have taken a more specialized course for decision making, by the name of Forecasting and Decision-Making.
From your school report card, I can see you did well in every course. But our advertisement says we need an accountant with practical work experience.
I forgot to include my experience as an accountant in my resume. In fact, I took a part-time job as an accountant at the Atlantic Trading Company during my second and third school year. I worked three evenings a week there and I did quite well. Here is the recommendation.
You can speak English fluently but I wonder if you can deal with bookkeeping and accounting in English.
No problem. The professional English course is just English for Accounting. Moreover, as you know, the Atlantic Trading Company is a Sino-Australian joint venture. When I served part-time there, I became well acquainted with accounting operated in English.
That sounds fine. Why did you choose to apply to our company?
I have a relative working as a manager in your manufacturing department. Her name is Lilling. She told me a lot about your company and I became quite interested. I believe I can have a promising career with the development of this company.
Do you know something about the payment we give to our employees?
No, can you tell me about it?
Of course. As for an entry-level accountant, we pay ¥ 1,500 a month in the first half year. We have a grading system to evaluate your work. If you have made progress, we will certainly raise your salary. For beginners with a CPA certificate, they can earn at least ¥ 2, 000 a month.
I have passed the five courses required by the Chinese CPA Association, but the certificate won't come to hand until next month. How about that?
I hope you can show me your CPA certificate before we reach a decision by the end of July.
Thank you, Mrs Smith. It is really a pleasure talking with you.
The same for me. We'll keep in touch with you.
Thank you. Good-bye.

Tell me about yourself and your past experience.
For the past 3 years, I have been working in China East Airlines Corporation Limited. I'm very tolerant of people and have been told that this is one of my strengths. I feel I have a lot to offer as a team member.
Why are you interested in this occupation?
It's always been my dream to be a stewardess. And I like travelling to different places.
What do you think is the chief characteristic for a stewardess?
Well, a stewardess should be friendly, courteous, patient and treat passengers kindly and politely.
Do you get angry easily?
No, I know how to control my temper.
If a passenger had a accident, what would you do?
I would give him or her basic first aid and ask my partner to call for assistance at the same time.
If you are hired, when can you start work?
I can begin to work right away because I am out of work now.
What are your salary expectations?
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary. I'd like to postpone that discussion until later. Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position and how your commission structure works.

Do you have a free moment?
Sure. What do you need?
I’m having some trouble. How do you use this printer?
Well, first you have to turn this switch on.
Silly me.
Now press this button.
Oh, and it’s out of paper. Do you have any more?
Just a second. I’ll go get some.

What kind of jobs have you had?
I have been a Production Manager.
How many years have you worked as a Production Manager?
3 years.
Would you like to tell me something about your outstanding achievements?
I had introduced an advanced product line, which increased the output and lessened the cost.
Wonderful. Then how many employers have you worked for?
Frankly speaking, three. If your company employs me, it will be my fourth.
Then have you received any award at your present company?
Yes. I was awarded the title of Advanced Worker last year.
How would you evaluate the company you are with?
Although I could not say that everything is perfect there, I still very much appreciate what the company has given me, especial many chances.
How would your colleagues evaluate you?
They would say I am a responsible friend and a capable colleague.
Can you get recommendations from your present employers?
Yes, I have brought them with me. Here they are.
Do you have any questions?
I think that you have covered all the important points already.But if I have any questions later I will contact you.

Are you a goal-oriented person?
Yes, I am. I always make a plan before I do anything.
Where do you want to be in 5 years?
I don't want to have a specific title. I just want to enjoy what I am doing.
That sounds very reasonable.
It's the most important thing to me.
If you are hired, how long do you plan to stay with us?
That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me.
Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them.
I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position. In order to achieve this goal, I just want to work step by step.
What is your long-range objective?
I haven't thought it over at all.
What do you think is the most important thing when looking for a job?
I think the most important thing is the interest in the job.

Do you have any work experience in this field?
Yes. After my graduation from university, I worked as a Customer Service Coordinator in a foreign representative office, and then I transferred to a joint venture as a Market Development Manager. So I am familiar with the market in China.
What have you learned from the jobs you have had?
I learned to be patient when dealing with customers complaints and try my best to solve them. In addition, I learned at my previous jobs how to cooperate with my colleagues.
Does your current employer know you are looking for another job?
No, I haven't discussed my leaving plans with my current employer, but I am sure he will release me.
What is your impression of your present company?
Very good.
What would your current colleague say about you?
They would say I'm a dependable and hard worker.

Could you project what you would like to be doing five years from now?
As I have some administrative experience from my last job, I may use my organizational and planning skills in the future.
How do you plan to accomplish this?
By doing everything necessary and for further study.
How long would you like to stay with this company?
How long I will stay with the company depends on whether the company and I are satisfied with each other.
What do you think of this industry's outlook in five years?
I do believe this industry will be developed rapidly in 5 years time.

What is your salary at present?
My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year.
What are your salary expectations now?
I like to be paid more than that. Hopefully, 120,000 Yuan per year.
That's a little more than we had planned.
I think you'll find I'm worth that.
I can only offer you 110,000 Yuan a year. Raises will be given after a three-month probation according to your performance. Is that satisfactory?
Yes, it is quite reasonable.

How long do you plan to stay here?
To speak frankly, it doesn't depend on me.
How so?
I really want to obtain a permanent job. I won't leave as long as I have opportunity to apply my knowledge and get on well with my superiors and colleagues.
What are your future plans and what kind of expectations do you have of the company?
I know that generally it is possible to move from this position to a management position with two years experience in the company

How much do you expect to earn?
I think salary is closely related to the responsibilities of the job. Shall we discuss my responsibilities with your company first?
If you are hired, you are in charge of the design of toys that can meet the needs of the American market.
I know it is a crucial position, but I can do it well. So I'm asking for 200,000 Yuan a year as a starting salary.
Ok.

What's your expected salary?
I expect to be paid according to my abilities.
How do you feel about an annual salary of 100,000 Yuan plus bonus.
That's a little less than I expected. But to me, the most important thing is the job and the people I will work with. Moreover, I am sure I will get a raise quickly depending on my background and experience.
That sounds very reasonable.
By the way, how long is my probation?
Generally it is 6 months and during this period you are half-paid.

Hey Ted, I saw this ad in the paper. You should take a look.
What is it?
It’s for a job. It looks perfect for you.
Let’s see... “ Wanted
Come on, what have you got to lose?
What about my resume?
Here, I’ll help you type one up.
Thanks, Mary. You’re a real pal. I’ll call now to set up an interview.

Excuse me. I have an appointment with Mr. Li at nine. May I come in?
Yes, come in please. I am Mr. Li. You must be My Liu, right?
Yes, I am My Liu. Thanks.
I'd like to start this interview with some questions. Why do you think you are qualified for this position?
According to your advertisement, you want an experienced software engineer. I think my background meets the requirement of this position.
Then tell me something about your background.
My major was computer science when I was at college, and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language.
Well, what do you think about the development in computers?
The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software. In some regions, the hardware is completely replaced by software. So I think the software industry has a great future.
Have you ever designed any programs concerning network?
Yes, I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE.
Have you got anything to ask me?
Yes, can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position?
Yes, of course. You would be responsible for the development of software products.
I see. This is my advantage.
Good. Have you got any other questions?
No.
Ok, I will contact you in a week. See you.
Thank you, bye-bye.

Why don't you begin by telling me something about yourself?
What do you want to know?
The usual, you know, something about your background and experience and anything personal that you feel is pertinent.
Well, I was born in Shanghai and went to school there, right up through college. My father is a lawyer, and my mother is a teacher.
Sounds as if you come from a professional family.
That right. One of my sisters is a doctor and the other one teaches at a university.
What made you decide to get into computers?
Oh, nothing in particular, I guess. I always liked mathematics and tinkering with machines.
Now what about your experience? How long have you been working with computers?
More than five years now. After I did my engineering degree, I began to specialize in computer technology and I even had my own company for a while.
It certainly sounds impressive. Why don't you have your credentials sent to me and I'll show them to the board? We'll probably get back to you in a week.
Thanks very much.

Good morning. Craftsman Company. Can I help you?
Yes, good morning. This is Mr. Suzuki from Video TV. May I speak to Mr. Johnson?
I'm sorry, but Mr. Johnson is out at the moment. Can I take a message?
Uh, yes, okay. Tell him John Suzuki called. That's S-U-Z-U-K-I.
Yes.
From Video TV.
Yes, Video TV.
Tell him I telephoned. I'd like to see him about the videotapes. Can he call me this afternoon?
Yes, Of course. What's your telephone number?
It's, area code 413, 447-9626.
That is 413-447-9662?
No, that's 447-9626.
Oh, I'm sorry, 447-9626.
Yes, that's right. Extension 162.
Extension 162. Okay, Mr. Suzuki. I'll give him the message.
Thank you. Good-bye.
Good-bye.

Mr.Sun, would you mind if I ask you some questions, which may sound impolite?
Ah, never mind, please.
Can you tell me how old you are?
I am 25 years old.
Are you married?
No, I am still single.
Can you tell me something about your family?
Ok.There are four persons in my family, my parents, my elder sister and me.

Excuse me. May I see Mrs. Smith?
It's me. What can I do for you?
Nice to meet you, Mrs. Smith. I'm coming here for an interview by appointment.
Are you Mr. Wu?
Yes, I am.
Nice to meet you, too. Did you have any difficulty finding our company?
Not really, I am familiar with this area.

May I come in?
Yes, please.
How are you doing, Madam? My name is During. I am coming to your company for an interview as requested.
Fine, thank you for coming. Mr. Wu, Please take a seat. I am Anne Smith, the assistant manager.
Nice to see you, Mrs. Smith.
Nice to meet you, too.

What is your name, please?
My name is Sun lin.
How old are you?
I am twenty-five years old.
May I ask your birth date?
Yes, my birth date is September 22, 1977.
Where do you live now?
I live at 606 Zhongguancun Road, Apt 802, Beijing.
Then tell me your birthplace.
My birthplace is Nanjing.
Ok, I know you are not a resident of Beijing. Where is your domicile place then?
My domicile place is Nanjing, too.

Hello, Mr. Hammer. Jack Ross here. I'm calling to confirm our appointment on Monday at ten o'clock in your office.
Yes. Everything's all set.
I'd like to bring Mr. Huang and Ms. Sun with me.
We're supposed to be meeting alone.
I know, but I think they may add something valuable to the discussion.
Fine. But no one else, OK?
Yes, Mr. Hammer.

Tell me something about your work experience.
Well, I have been in the computer engineering field for 6 years now. I am familiar with both hardware and software and with hands-on experience in system development including system analysis and design.
What systems have you worked on?
I have worked on about every system that is out right now.
Do you feel comfortable with the new system by microcosm?
I am not as familiar with it as I am with some of the older systems. But I am a fast learner and I can master it in a short time.
What do you consider your strengths?
I am knowledgeable and levelheaded.

Sally, you look so corporate! What interview do you have today?
Amalgamated Trading Company. It's Swiss. Don't you think working at a foreign company would be glamorous?
Yeah, I guess so. I've never actually heard of this one, but...
Well, it's small, but it's a young, dynamic, rapidly-growing company with a progressive, humanistic philosophy.
You didn't read their brochure or anything, did you?
Four times. I'm totally prepared. Oh, no! I forgot to take off my nail polish! And I have to be there in 15 minutes! That's it. I blew it.
Well, they are progressive and humanistic-maybe they don't care about nail polish... uh... even blue nail polish. Just keep your confidence up and you'll do great.
But the competition is fierce this year... and it seems like I'm the only one left who hasn't found a job.
Not quite the only one. I really wanted that job at the magazine, but I still haven't heard from them.

How do I set up an email account?
Oh, that’s easy. Go to yahoo.com. Now, click on the link with the picture of an envelope.
Which link?
That one, the one that says, “ Mail. ”
Oh, no. What did I do? It’s asking me for a password.
Don’t worry. See where it says, “ New User ”?
Yes.
Click on that.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, just fill out this form and choose a password. The computer will do the rest.

John, do you have a minute?
Oh, hi, Leo. Sure, what’s up?
Well, I’Ve been meaning to talk to you about the situation in the office.
I’m not in there very often. It’s so noisy that I can’t work.
That’s exactly what I’m getting at. We’re supposed to be able to do our preparation and marking in that office, but have you noticed? Jack constantly has students coming in to get help with his course. A lot people are going in and out.
Has anybody spoken to him about it?
No, not yet, but someone’s going to have to.
We can’t really ask him to stop having students come in for help, can we?
No, of course not. But I’m not able to do my work and neither are you.
How about recommending him to use the storage room down the hall?
Oh, that would be too small.
With the cabinets taken out, it might be bigger than it looks.
Come to think of it, you may be on to something. Let’s go have a look.
Let’s rock n’roll.

I’d like to ask whether it is correct to partake in the firm’s insurance plan?
If you want my advice, you won’t invite yourself any risk.
But people keep talking about the benefits from the plan.

We have the capital ready.Right now I am looking at three different companies to produce our products.And your company, Mr. Chen, seems to me to be the best for what we want.
I appreciate your remarks. And we are always happy to do more business.But, you know, if we take on a contract to produce new products, we want to be confident the product is marketable. Because, to start producing new things requires a lot of preparation.It requires a lot of investment for us.
You have some doubts about our products, I understand.
I would like to offer you a good price.But I won't be able to do that if I think this is a one-shot deal.So I would like to have some confidence in your idea.
Of course. Let me tell you in some detail about our idea.You know the popular Hello Kitty products.
Yes, of course.
Well, the products in themselves are very simple.It is the logo that is successful.So, Hello Kitty is successful because of the logo, but the products are very simple.
And I would say the logo is successful mainly because it comes from Japan.It is the Japanese that have made it a fad.
That might be true.But we have a logo concept that is great. It is really great. I think it will catch on in Taiwan at least. Young people will love it.It is because of our logo that our products will sell.We just need someone to produce the products for us.We have the backup and people to do the marketing.
So what you are really trying to sell is a fad.
Yes, we would like to make things like key chains, plastic pencil sharpeners, plastic rulers, watches, wallets, things like that.Little accessories for young people. But the reason these will sell is the logo.Just like Hello Kitty.
I understand. But why won't you show me the logo?
Because it hasn't been copyrighted. We want to get some protection for it.But while we wait for copyright, we are investigating companies to produce the products.
I see. The problem, however, is that I can't be confident in giving you a good priceless I am confident your product will last.
I understand. For now, though, you could just give us an estimated price.We aren't going to sign a contract yet. We are just investigating. I only need to know that your company is capable of producing the products.And then, I only need a very rough idea of how much it might cost.
Alright. I understand. Right now you just want estimates.
Yes.

Can you help me do an internet search?
Sure. What do you want to find?
I want to find information on the American Civil War.
Well, can you be more specific? There are a lot of websites about that.
Yes, I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg.
O. K. Well, go to google.com, and type in “ Battle of Gettysburg. ”
Oh wow, there are a lot of sites.
Here, try this one. It’s a good site about Gettysburg.
Thanks.
For detailed information, however, you should read a history book.
Thanks. If I’m interested, I’ll go to the library.

Hello, this is Peter Dixon from NEZ news radio. May I speak to Mr. Wilson please?
Yes, speaking.
Good morning, Mr. Wilson. I’m calling to confirm the date of the next interview program.
Hold on a minute please. I’ll have my assistant check that part.

Hello. Is this Ann?
Yes, it is. Kelly?
Yes, it's me.
Do you have a cold?
No. Worse than that. I have a flu. I'm in bed with a fever.
Oh, no! What about your presentation today?
I'd like to do it, of course. But I just can't. I'm afraid I'd fall down in the middle of it.
I understand. What should I tell Mr. Morley?
Why not just tell him I'm sick? I'll ring him myself this afternoon.
Alright. Have you been to see a doctor?
Not yet. I feel too lousy to go out.Anyway, I have a flu. I know what it is. I don't need a doctor to tell me that.
Do you think you'll be able to come in tomorrow? Or should I call off your appointments for tomorrow too?
I'm not sure yet.Maybe this will all be gone in a day.So it's probably better if you don't call off my appointments. I will call you later this afternoon and tell you what I think.
It's rainy weather today. Maybe it's better if you just stay inside.Make yourself some chicken soup and sleep.
Yes, that's what I plan to do. Except I won't make the chicken soup.Right now I don't think I could swallow more than a spoonful of it.
That bad, huh?
Yeah, I'm very nauseous. It's mostly nausea and a fever.
Well, I'll cancel your appointments for today. And I'll tell Mr. Morley.
Thanks, Ann. Talk to you this afternoon.
Hope you feel better.

In my opinion, it may be necessary to charge for participation.
I'm not sure if that would be wise.
Then what is your opinion?
Well, maybe we'll go to ask Mr. Johnson. He has the final say.

Marry ; Mr. Johnson wants these documents to be copied.
Oh, no. You see I'm in the middle of something. Could he wait?
I'm afraid...
All right, all right. He'll get them as soon as possible.

Could I have a word with you?
Sure, what is it?
I am disappointed with your work lately.
I'm sorry. I've been having some problems.

What’s wrong?
I got laid off today.
Oh no! That’s terrible!
Yeah.
What happened?
My boss said I didn’t have enough skills to do the job well.
What are you going to do?
I’m going to start taking classes at the local community college to try to improve my skills. Then I’ll start looking for a new position.

Please switch work shifts with me.
I would if I could.
Why can't you?
Because I have other obligations.

Would it be all right if I went home next weekend?
For What?
Well, I want to surprise my brother showing up for his birthday.
Well, that sounds like it would be OK. Just be careful.

Hello?
Hi, Mr. Smith. This is Mary. Is Jenny there?
No, I’m afraid not, Mary. May I take a message for her?
Yes, please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty.
O. K. No problem. Anything else?
No, but if she has any questions, she can call me at 555-2345.
All right, I’ll leave her the message, Mary. Thanks for calling.
Thank you. Bye.
Goodbye.

I see by your resume that you have been working?
Yes, I have worked for four years with a Canadian Company.
Tell me what you know about our company, please.
Well, Mark Smith, who was the first president, founded the company in Ottawa in 1955. It has 1.5 billion dollars in capital.it employs 8,000 people, and it is the largest company in its field in Canada.
What do you know about our major products and our share of the market?
Your company's products are mostly marketed in Canada and the United States, but particularly have sold very well here in China. So I think in the future you'll find China to be a profitable market as well.
What made you decide to change your job?
Because I want to change my working environment and seek new challenges.
Do you like this job?
Yes, I like it very much.
What do you think is the most important qualification for a salesperson?
I think it is confidence in himself and his products.
I agree with you. Do you have any questions to ask about this job?
Yes, I'd like to know something about the salary.
I think the starting salary for a salesperson is between 1,500 - 2,000 Yuan. But the specific number will be determined according to your sales.
When can I get the final decision?
We cannot reach a final decision until we have talked to all of the other five applicants. Anyhow, we'll contact you within this month. All right. Nice meeting you. Good-bye.
Nice meeting you, too. Good-bye.

Tell me something about yourself and your past.
I was born and grew up in hebes Province. I moved to Beijing, where I started taking courses for my MBA. When I completed my degree, I was offered an opportunity working for a financial services company. I've worked there for eight years.
What was the most significant project you've worked on?
I was assigned a project to design a 360 - degree performance system. It was a challenge for a person with a finance background. I met with the technical people and discussed the possibilities and obstacles. Based on that information, I selected a team and created a spreadsheet to manage the project. We got the project done on schedule. I was rewarded for outstanding results and was able to share the honors with the team.
What finance experience makes you qualified for this position?
For the past eight years, I have been working in the banking industry. I have a solid understanding of accounting concepts, an analytical mind and a strong attention to detail. I've had a lot of customer service training and experience, and I have been told that I excel in this area.
How would your coworkers evaluate you?
They'd say I was a handworker and a real team player.
What are your salary expectations?
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary. I'd like to postpone that decision until later.

Let's start the interview with some questions. Tell me about yourself and your past experience.
I have 10 years financial industry experience, working for several companies. For the past two years, I have been working in an investment banking. In addition to my analytical mindset, I have a background of solid accounting principles. I am a team player and have great communication and interpersonal skills. I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments.
What finance experience have you had that qualifies you for this position?
My background and experience include working on a variety of projects and jobs in the financial industry. Most of my experience has been behind the scenes, doing the calculations. I want to work with clients and continue to grow and be challenged.
Why did you leave your last position?
I'm not finding the work as challenging as I used to. I want to find a job that is stimulating, where I can grow.
What are your strengths and weaknesses?
One of my strengths is my ability to be flexible. I've seen companies go through many changes in structure and management philosophy. I've had to adjust my style to the new environment several times. As far as weaknesses, I really enjoy my work, and sometimes I put in too much time. But by being aware of my tendency to overwork, I have learned to pace myself more and work less overtime.
How would your boss describe you and your work style?
She'd say I have a lot of initiative, I see the big picture and I do what has to be done. Second, I always meet deadlines. If I say I'm going to do something, I do it. Lastly, I have the ability to focus on what I'm working on I am not easily distracted.
What are your salary expectations?
I'm sure whatever you offer will be a fair amount for a person with my qualifications. Salary is not the most important factor to me. I'm looking for opportunity.
Do you have any questions?
Yes, I do. What do you see as the future trends for the industry?

Good morning. I came in answer to your advertisement for a salesperson.
I see. Will you walk this way, please? What experience have you had?
I'm afraid I haven't had any experience in just this sort of work. I'm studying business administration in college. I want to get a job that would tie in with my studies.
Have you got any selling experience at all?
I worked in a department store in a small town last summer vacation.
Now tell me about your educational background.
I graduated from Beijing University. I majored in business administration.
What courses have you completed?
The courses I completed are marketing, business law, business English, statistics, marketing principles, sales management, distribution theory, economies and psychology.
What subjects did you like most at university?
I liked sales strategies most.
Why would you like to work with us?
It's an interesting job, and your company is one of the best known. Although I have no work experience as a salesperson, the job description you sent was very interesting. It's a job I've been dreaming of when I was at university.
What are your future plans and what kind of expectations do you have of the company?
I have an interest in marketing and I would consider graduate study in business in the future. I think my goals will become more clear as I gain experience in sales and marketing.
Good. Do you know anything about this company?
Yes, a little. As you mentioned just now, yours is an American capital company. As far as I know your company is a world famous one which produces cosmetics and skincare products.
Have you got anything to ask me?
Will traveling be required in this position?
Yes.
How often?
Three times a year at most. How do you feel about this?
That's fine.

Tell me about yourself.
I was born and raised in Beijing. I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics. I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co. Ltd.
What type of position are you looking for?
I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience.
Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position?
I am more interested in a full-time position. However, I would also consider a part-time position.
Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job?
I advised customers on financial matters. After I consulted the customer, I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database. I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client. The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis.
What is your greatest strength?
I am an excellent communicator. People trust me and come to me for advice. One afternoon, my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well. I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together.
What is your greatest weakness?
I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied. However, I began setting time-limits for myself.
Why do you want to work for our company?
After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years, I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team.
When can you begin?
Immediately.

Tell me something about yourself and your past experience.
I have eight years of experience working in the IT industry. For the past two years, I have been working as a project manager for a dotcom. I am also MI certified. I'm looking for a team environment where I can join the excitement of building a company.
What experience have you had that qualifies you for this position?
I have worked on a variety of projects and jobs in the high tech industry. I wanted to have the experience of working for a dotcom and have learned something about being in on the ground floor of a business.
What attracted you to this job?
I've been searching for a while now to find a company that had a business model and corporate philosophy like yours. I am interested in working for a company that provides products and services to the K - 12 education market. My background is in this field, and my strength is in building relationships and solving problems. I am excited and interested in the idea of developing business relationships through e-commerce.
What qualities do you think are important to this position?
To have a combination of technical and business knowledge and to be very results-oriented. My past record shows that I have those qualities and more. Because of my business acumen and technical know-how, the teams I have managed accomplished outstanding results, including booking more than $ 50 million in online revenue.
When have you been most motivated?
When I have a specific project to complete, I like to know the specifics of a project from beginning to end. I like definite deadlines and I like to meet those deadlines. I expect some deviation from the original plan, but I try to stay focused and not let myself drift too far. I have great attention to detail and like to take my time and do it right the first time.
Why did you leave your last position?
I've set some goals for myself and my career, and unfortunately I'm at a standstill in my current situation. I have begun to explore options available before I spend too much time in a job where I can't advance. My goal is to continue to take on new responsibilities and be a key contributor to the success of an online venture.
What are your salary expectations?
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary. I'd like to postpone that discussion until later.
Do you have any questions?
Yes, I do. Who are your financial backers? Who are the key competitors? Does the company have a plan for the IPO? What would you say is the best thing about your product or service?

Hi, Mark! Hi, do you have a minute?
Oh, I'm sorry, Nigel. I'm rushing to a meet right now.
Sure, no problem. Can we fix a time to talk later?
Sure, but this week is crazy for me. Can we make it next Monday?
Ok, see you 10 o'clock next Monday!
That's fine. See you then.

It says here that you graduated from Beijing Normal University with a major in English Language and Literature.
Right. Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background.
Yes.
But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people. So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate.
So you must be an extravert?
Yes, I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them.
What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide?
A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities, and offering service of transportation, accommodation, sightseeing, shopping and entertainment.
Don't you consider it a hard work?
Hard but interesting, I think.
Have you any experience as a tourist guide?
Yes, I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University.
Have you ever learned any other foreign languages other than English?
Yes, I have learned a little French and Japanese as well.

Come in, please.
Good afternoon, Mrs Smith.
Good afternoon. Have a seat, please. You are Mr. Sun?
Thank you. Yes, I am Dunlin.
I have read your resume. I know you have worked for 3 years. Why did you choose to major in mechanical engineering?
Many factors led me to major in mechanical engineering. The most important factor is I like tinkering with machines.
What are you primarily interested in about mechanical engineering?
I like designing products, and one of my designs received an award. Moreover, I am familiar with CAD. But I can do any mechanic well if I am employed.
Why did you decide to apply for this position?
Your company has a very good reputation, and I am very interested in the field your company is in.
What do you think determines an employee's progress in a company such as ours?
Interpersonal and technical skills.
We have several applicants for this position. Why do you think you are the person we should choose?
I have the abilities, qualities and experience that you requested in your job advert, for example I have three years experience in designing products and I got leadership experience while serving the college student union as president.
That sounds very good. How do you see your career development?
After a few years of gaining experience in the company and furthering my professional qualifications I'd like to put my experience and skills to use in management. I want to become a supervisor in your R & D department.
Have you anything to ask about the job?
Yes. Do you offer any opportunities for further study?
Yes. If you undertake additional courses, provided these are approved, and you complete them successfully, you can claim back part, quite a large part, 75 % of the costs you incurred. Not just the fees, - traveling and other expenses too.
That's fine.
Anything else?
No.
Well, thank you very much, Mr. Sun. I'll let you know the result of the interview as soon as possible. Goodbye.
Thank you, Mrs. Smith. I do hope the answer will be favorable. Goodbye.

Why do you think you are qualified for this position?
I have four years study in the Department of Mechanical Engineering and it has given me a solid theory foundation. Moreover, I have worked at CAB Company for 4 years and got a lot of practical experience.
Great. Then what's your technical post title now?
I am a senior mechanical design engineer.
Do you take the original certificate with you?
Yes. Here it is.
Can you briefly tell me about one of your designs?
Of course, I designed a more powerful gasoline engine, which greatly increased the speed of limousines.

Please tell me something about your insurance background.
I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses. And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work.
Why do you want to be an insurance agent?
I care about people and I know the importance of insurance.
Do you have any work experience in promotion?
Yes, I do. I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd.
Do people respond well to you?
Yes, I'm good with people.

Gongshan Development Co., Ltd.may I help you?
I'd like to speak your export manager, please.
May I ask who's calling, please?
This is Mrs Wang, from Jane coper.
I'm sorry Mrs wang, but Mrs Fu is not in at the moment.
When will he come back, do you know?
As suppose you reback at 10
May I leave message?
Of course.
Please ask him to give me a call as soon as he return. he has my number.
Ok, Mrs wang. I'll do that.
thank you. goodbye.

Excuse me, could I ask a favour?
Sure, go ahead.
Could you tell me where the canteen is?
Sure, I can take you there actually.
Oh, I don't want to trouble you.
It's fine. I was heading there anyway.

Good morning. SRC international. How may I help you?
Good morning. I'd like to speak to Peter. Chen Please.
Certainly. Who should I say is calling?
This is Tim. Hunter from Hunter industries.
And what is it regarding please?
We have an appointment for this afternoon. Mr. Chen will know why I'm calling.
Of course, Please hold the line Mr. Hunter.

Are you OK there?
Oh, my computer crashed again!
Can I help?
That would be great! I hate working with computers!
Year! They are unreliable sometimes.

Hey, Tom. I saw this ad in the paper. You should take a look.
What is it?
It's for a job. It looks perfect for you.
Let me see. Wanted, manager for up-and-coming firm. Must have good organizational skills. Experience a plus. Please contact Susan Lee. Oh, I don't know...
Come on! What have you got to lose?
What about my resume?
Here, I’ll help you type one up.
Thanks, Mary. You are real pal. I'll call now to set up an interview.

Good morning. I’m Mickey Huang, I have an appointment with Mr wilson.
Is this about the Sales Assistant position?
That's right. My appointment is for 11 o'clock.
Mr wilson is on the line right now. Please have a seat. He'll be right with you.
Thank you.
Can I get you something, coffee, tea?
No, I'm fine. Thank you.

How are you, Mr Wilson? I am Tina.
Glad to meet you, Mrs.Tina.
Please have a seat. I know our employment of forcer has already given you the information about your employee contract, but I'd like to go over the main details again before signing. First, you'll be getting a monthly salary, with one month paid vacation after one year of service.
That's what I understand.
You'll be covered by our medical plan while on duty.Since you'll be middle management, you're expected to be available up to 1.5 hours past normal working hours.Any approved time over that will be paid at time and a half, which you can take as salary or time off.
Exactly my understanding.
A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company.Any extended illness will be covered by insurance.Have you read the other terms of the contract?
Yes, I have.
Do you have any other questions?
Just one. I noticed an item about flex-time.Is that a possibility for me?
Yes, it is, but you'll have to discuss the details with your manager.
That's acceptable.
Good.Now, if you'll just sign here, you can start work in 3 days.

I have a resume here.
What's your name, please?
David, Chou.
Oh, yes Mr.Chou. We have been looking forward to this.
These are all my personal documents about my education and working experience you asked for. And I have to be off for an important meeting now. If you think I am right for the job, please keep me informed.
Ok, I will call you if you give me your name card.
I am sorry, but I don't have one with me right now.
In that case, just tell me your phone number.
It's 687 3452.

It's time to graduate and it's time to find a job. Susan, why do we need to find a job?
We need to work is because we need money to live. We need money for food and clothes and to pay for house. We need money for many different things, and only when we work, we can earn money. And work can also help us feel that we are useful.
But you know it's hard for a new graduate to find a god job right now.
Yes, it is really hard. But you must believe that you will find a suitable job finally. When you work, you can accumulate a lot of experience. Besides, you need to learn a lot of things while you are working.
I've been fed up with study.
But whether you like it or not, there’s a trend of life-long study to make sure that we can keep ourselves up with the high developing society. And you need to accept this concept positively.
Oh, my. Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation?
You have no choice, so you'd better adjust your thoughts to be ready to learn anything at any time.

Good morning. My name is Mr. Brown. I’m from Australia. Here is my card.
Thank you. I’m pleased to meet you, Mr. Brown. My name is Kathy Pewless, the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation.
Pleased to meet you too, Ms. Pewless. I travel a lot every year on business, but this is my first visit to your country. I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people.
Thank you for saying so. Have you seen the exhibition halls? On display are most of our products, such as silk, woolen knitwear, cotton piece goods, and garments.
Oh, yes. I had a look yesterday. I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design. The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles. I’Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter. I’Ve got some idea of your exports. I’m interested in your silk blouses.
Our silk is known for its good quality. It is one of our trade - trional exports. Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed. They’Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand.

Good afternoon. I am Mr. Brown, the Import manager of Atlantic Industries Ltd, Sidney, Australia. This is my card.
Good afternoon, Mr. Brown. My name is Mrs. Anderson, manager of the sales department.
Nice to see you, Mrs. Anderson.
Nice to see you too, Mr. Brown. Won’t you sit down?
Thank you.
What would you like, tea or coffee?
I’d prefer coffee if you don’t mind.
Is it your first trip to the Fair, Mr. Brown?
No, it’s the fourth time.
Good. Is there anything you find changed about the Fair?
Yes, a great deal. The business scope has been broadened, and there are more visitors than ever before.
Really, Mr. Brown? Did you find anything interesting?
Oh, yes. Quite a bit. But we are especially interested in your products.
We are glad to hear that. What items are you particularly interested in?
Women’s dresses. They are fashionable and suit Australian women well, too. If they are of high quality and the prices are reasonable, we’ll purchase large quantities of them. Will you please quote us a price?
All right.

May I see you around 10 o'clock tomorrow morning, please?
Certainly. Come to my office at ten ten. Be prompt, please. I've another appointment at 11.
Don't worry. I'll be there right on time.

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Some of them seem to be of the latest style. Now I’Ve a feeling that we can do a lot of trade in this line. We wish to establish relations with you.
Your desire coincides with ours.
Concerning our financial position, credit standing and trade reputation, you may refer to Bank of Hong Kong, or to our local Chamber of Commerce or inquiry agencies.
Thank you for your information. As you know, our corporation is a state-operated one. We always trade with foreign countries on the basis of equality and mu - dual benefit. Establishing business relations between us will be to our mutual benefit. I have no doubt that it will bring about closer ties between us.
That sounds interesting. I’ll send a fax home. As soon as I receive a definite answer, I’ll make a specific inquiry.
We’ll then make an offer as soon as possible. I hope a lot of business will be conducted between us.
So do I.

Hi, this is Ralph Simmons. With whom am I speaking?
This is Paula Blake, Mr. Simmons. How can I help you?
I’m hoping you can sort a few things out for me. Could you pull up my account?
Certainly, sir. Just tell me your account number please.

Mr. Division, I am so sorry to have kept you waiting.
That's quite all right.
Oh dear, I forgot to bring it.
Not too worry, so tell me about yourself.

What kind of job do you think I should get?
It all depends on what you want to accomplish in your life.

Why didn't you sign the contract?
Because that company's behavior is not in accordance with international law.

The numbers in this table don't seem to be in accord with reality.
I know, but these are the figures that we came up with.

When should I make my presence known?
Wait for my instructions and then proceed accordingly.

The boss announces the pay raise today, right? How much do you think we'll get?
No idea. Your guess is as good as mine.
It better be more than last year.
Well, anything is better than nothing. Wait and see.

I'm afraid we can't increase salary this year, money is just too title.
I'm not sure I can't agree, dan
Why not?
Surely, there are other ways to save money.
What are you talking about, we tried everything!

So, are we all behind this new project?
I'm in favor of Maggie.
Ditto, it doesn't look too expensive either.
That's right, Nigel. I think we can keep cost down.
I can't see a problem. Let's give it a try.

I am glad to have the opportunity of visiting your corporation. I hope we can do business together.
It's a great pleasure to meet you, Mr. White. I believe you have seen our exhibits in the showroom. What is it that particularly interests you?
I am interested in your hardware. I've seen the exhibits and studied your catalogues. I think some of the items will find a ready market in France. Here is a list of requirements.
Thank you for your inquiry. Would you tell us what quantity you require so that we can work out the offer?
I will do that. Meanwhile, could you give me an indication of the price.
Here are our FOB price lists. All the prices in the lists are subject to our confirmation.
What about the commission? From European suppliers, I usually get a 3 to 5 % commission for my imports. It's the general practice.
As a rule we don't allow any commission. But if the order is sizable one, we will consider it.
You see I do business on a commission basis. A commission on your prices would make it easier for me to promote sales. Even 2 or 3 % would help.
We'll discuss this when you place your order with us.

Hello, Mr. Black, how are you?
Fine, thank you, and how are you?
Very well, thank you. It's nice to meet you again. I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport, as I was busy yesterday. I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York.
Yes, a very pleasant journey indeed. Thank you.
How are you getting along with your business?
Not bad. The fur market is not very brisk lately, but the selling season is advancing near. I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year.
I hope we can do more business together. Though we are satisfied with our past trade record, there are still possibilities for more business. In the meantime, let's discuss other spheres of cooperation, such as investment, technology transfer and technical assistance.

Hi, Dan. What's new?
Where have you been? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days.
I went to Salt Lake City on business. What's up?
I got fired.
How come? Last time I saw you. You told me it was a good job, and you'd like to take it as a career. That was only one month ago. Why this sudden change?
It's a long story. In a word, I didn't do a good job of it. I messed up a business deal, a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up.
What are you going to do now?
I am trying to find a job asap. Lily doesn't know yet. I didn't tell her. I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office, and she thought I went to work as usual.
That's not the way to solve the problem. Did you look in the classified advertisements column?
Yes, I did. But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in.
Listen. I will see what I can do, ok? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now. She is your wife and I am sure she will understand.
I just don't know how to bring it up. Well, all right. She has the right to know anyways.

Good morning. Could I speak to Frans Smith please?
Frans Smith? I think you may have the wrong number.
Is this Taiwan 8234342 2, DS engineering?
It is. But there is no Frans Smith here. Do you know which department he works in?
The accounts department, I think.
The accounts department, no problem. I'm just putting you through now.

Hello, ABC company.
Hello, this is Mr. Morris Pitt. I'd like to speak to Mr. Bell, please.
Just a moment. I am sorry. At the moment, he is out of the office. Would you like to leave your number? When he comes back, I will tell him to call you back.
Please have him call me at my office. He knows the number.
Of course.

Are you doing anything right now, Diana?
I am typing a report for the moment, Mr. Robbins. Anything I need to do?
Will you please cut it for a while and come in here to take a letter?
Is it urgent?
Yes, this letter can't go into the mail any later than 5. It's about a contract.
Ok, I am coming.
Please take a seat, Diana. Have you got your spare pens and pencils?
Yes, I have this time. But If I don't understand a word or a phrase when you are dictating, can I ask you halfway?
No, I’d prefer not. I don't want any interruptions every other minute, but you can ask me at the end of the letter.
All right. I understand now. Do you think I should leave a margin on every page wide enough for notes and amendments.
Of course, Diana. You'd better pay attention to the spelling when you type it.
Certainly I will, Mr. Robbins. By the way, may I use a window envelope?
Yes, that's fine. Now when you finish these, I want you to put these cards in alphabetical order, using the last names, and then make a list.
You want the cards in alphabetical order using the last names?
Right. And the last thing, we are going to clean the files out tomorrow. Now let's begin.

Good afternoon, Mrs. White.
Good afternoon, Mr. Black. Haven't seen you for a long time. Can I help you?
Can I see Mr. Cooper, your manager now?
Let me see if he is free. Would you please sit down and wait for a moment?
All right.
The manager will come to see you in a few minutes.
Thanks a lot, Mrs. White.
You are welcome.

Can I help you?
Yes. I sent in my resume at the end of last week. I'm applying for the accounts assistant position.
May I have your name please?
My name is Judy Liao. That's spelled L I A O.
Alright... And did you have some specific questions about your application?
Not really. I was in the neighborhood, and I just wanted to stop in to see if you received my resume.
Oh, that's no problem. Just give me a moment, and I can check.Judy Liao. Let's see... Yes, here it is. Judy Liao. We have received your resume.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, maybe. The ad in the newspaper said you wanted the resume, a cover letter, and two letters of recommendation. I included those things in the envelope. Is there anything else I should send?
No, that is all we need. If we have those things included, that is sufficient.
Do you know when they will start setting up interviews for the job?
I'm not really sure about that. But I know we are still receiving resumes.Maybe after a week or two they will start calling applicants.
I see. Well, thank you very much for helping me. You have been very helpful.
If you have any further questions, you can call any time.
Thank you.
Thank you. Goodbye.

Have you ever worked as a tour guide?
I have a little experience. I guided a few foreign tourists around Beijing last year as a part-time job. I showed them to the Great Wall, the Imperial Palace, and the Summer Palace.
Then you may know that it's hard work.
Yes, I know. A friend of mine is a guide. He talked with me about his work, but I don't mind working hard.
Have you applied with any other companies?
No, this is my first.
Is there anything you want to ask about?
I'd like to be an overseas tour guide someday. Would there ever be any chance of that?
Certainly. There'll be a good chance of that if you work for this company. Not right away, of course, but in a few years, after you learn more about our business, you may go overseas with a tour group. Any questions?
Yes. When can I get the decision? I hope you can give me a definite answer as soon as possible. If I'd turned down, I ll have to secure a position elsewhere.
All right, then. We'll get in touch with you within a week. Thank you for coming today, Mr. Sun.
Thank you. Good-bye.
Good-bye.

When will I get a raise?
In three months or so?
You said the same thing three months ago.
Did I? Well. Anyway, you'll get your raise when the economy starts picking up.
You mean I won't get a raise until recession ends?
Yes.
I got the message. I am quitting.

Liz, do you have a minute?
Yes, of course. What is it?
I need you to help me set up for my presentation Thursday morning.
Okay, what should I do?
Well, it isn't at this office. It's over at the Dayton Street office.Have you been there before?
Yes, of course. I have to go there every Tuesday.
Good. So you will have no trouble finding it.
What's the presentation about?
I will talk about developing sales through our website.All the branch heads will be there, and most of the staff.
Will you need anything special for the presentation?
Well, I need the display monitor.But Tom can set that up for me on Wednesday. I will need you to help with everything else.
I suppose you need the whiteboard set up.

Excuse me, I am Dunlin. I am here about your advertisement for a tourist guide. Are there still any vacancies?
Yes. One more is needed.
Oh, I'm so lucky. I want to apply for it.
But do you have any experience like that?
Yes. I have been a guide for two years.
OK.Then I want to ask you some questions about the tourist guide.If there wasn accident, for example a tourist falls ill, what would you do?
I think I will call the office to send someone to meet us, and escort that person to the nearest hospital without interrupting our trip.
If one of them forgot a camera in a restaurant, would you let the tourist bus go back?
No. In fact, prior to their boarding the bus and their getting off the bus, I will make an announcement to remind them that they should check their belongings.
Well, it seems that you have all the practical experience to handle these cases. I am very glad to welcome you into our company.
Thank you. It's my honor.

This facility is great, don't you think?
Yes, it is better than last year. They have done a very good job this time.
I'm glad our booth is on the first floor. More people can see our display.
If someone wants to find us, they can look at this floor plan.It shows where all the companies have their booths.
Let me see that. I didn't get one when I came in.
Really? They didn't give you one with your ticket?
No.
That's strange.
Where do you go for lunch around here?
Are you hungry?
Not too bad. But I will be soon.
I went across the street. There is a good Chinese restaurant next to the hotel.
I can't see Cortex on this floor plan. Don't they have a booth here?
They must. Let me look at that.Here it is. Cortex. It's on the second floor, next to the Roll booth.
Oh, that will be uncomfortable for them.
For whom? Cortex?
Yes. Cortex just stole Darren McDowell from Rolly.And probably Darren will be here.So he will have to spend the whole show standing next to his old Cortex coworkers.
I've never met Darren.But you're right. That would probably be uncomfortable.
When you reserve a booth, you should check who your neighbors will be.Don't you think?
Yes, maybe. If you're Darren McDowell, you should probably check.
Yes. Well, I think I'll go get lunch. Will you join me?
No, I'll stay here at the booth. I ate earlier. Are you going to the Chinese restaurant?
Maybe. I will look around.

Well, Yuri, tell me about it.
I'm sorry I can't bring better news, sir. The site is a disaster.
That's what I was afraid of.
It is not only the earthquake, sir. But the mudslides.Much of the north half of the site has been covered over by mud.
Mud? But Ivan told me there were no mudslides in that district. I thought all the mudslides were down in Chichitango.
That's what we thought, sir. That's what the news reported.But there was one little mudslide in our district too. Right above our site.
Oh, that's terrible! What bad luck! I wish we had never come to this country.But, if it isn't the strikes and the revolutionaries, it's the earthquakes.Our operations here are finished!
I'm sorry, sir.
It's not your fault, Yuri.But tell me. When will Ivan be able to get out there?
Well, it took me about nine hours to get back here by car.If Ivan leaves tonight, I think he should be there by tomorrow lunch.
Good. I want an estimate of damages as soon as possible.
But sir...
Yes, Yuri?
I wouldn't recommend sending Ivan now.Especially not at night. The roads aren't safe.
Has the earthquake damaged the bridges too?
No, sir. The bridges are fine.But I've heard rumors that the revolutionaries are coming down from the mountains.There has been fighting, sir.
Are you serious? Fighting? But I didn't hear anything on the news.
You know the government controls the press here, sir. They don't want it reported.
Oh, this is terrible, Yuri. Terrible! So we can't even assess the damages. How can we do business in this country? Either we're buried under mud, or we're in danger of getting kidnapped.No, I can't believe this mess!
I'm sorry, sir.
You don't have to keep saying that, Yuri. It's not your fault.But me--I'm the one who should be sorry.It was me who suggested operations here in the first place! Oh, what can we do?

Excuse me, can you tell me which is Bob Rice's office?
Sure. It's the third office down this hall. Are you looking for Bob?
Yes. He told me to come by this morning.
I'm sorry, but he's not in the office now. Do you have an appointment?
An appointment?
Yes. What time did he expect you?
He said I should come by this morning. He didn't give me a time.He said I could come any time before noon.
I see. He's usually here on Tuesday mornings...
Today is Tuesday.
I know. He's usually here, but today he went out to a site on the east side.
That's too bad. I need to discuss these plans with him.
Why don't you make an appointment for later in the week?
Alright.
He's here on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays. What day did you want to see him?
Friday is good.
Morning or afternoon?
Morning.
I can put you down for ten o'clock. Is that alright?
Yes. My name is Laura Wills.
Alright. I have you down for ten AM this Friday.
Thank you.
You are welcome.

Come in, Arnold. Have a seat.
Good morning.
Would you like something to drink?
No, thank you. I just had two cups of coffee at my desk.
So, you're a serious coffee drinker.
Yes, it keeps me going. Sometimes I think I'm addicted.
Well, coffee isn't such a bad thing.Everyone has to have something.For me, it's cigars. Are you a cigar smoker?
No, I've tried them. But I'm not really a smoker.
Well, what would you like to talk to me about?
I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal.
I'm glad when people have new ideas around here. Tell me about it.
It is about the staff meetings.You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday.
Yes.
Well, I have been thinking about it.And I believe we could do things more efficiently here.
What do you suggest?
The way it is now, the staff from all four branches get together once a week.We meet for one hour. But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation.
You mean because people have to go across town to get here.
Yes. Some people spend half of the morning on the road.
That's true. But our staff meetings are very important, Arnold. I don't know how we can function without them.
I think they are important too.That's why I want people to have a better attitude about them.
I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful. I'm aware of that.
Here's what I propose. I think we should meet once every two weeks, but meet for ninety minutes or more.
Well.
I also think the meetings should be more focused.And I would be willing to take responsibility for that.
You mean you want to run the meetings?
No, not really run them. But I could help organize them. I could discuss meeting topics with you, and then prepare a schedule for each meeting. I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting.This way the meetings would become more focused, and people would prepare better.
Hmm. But we would meet every two weeks.
I really think it would work.The meetings could be longer, and better organized.
I am not against the idea, Arnold.It may really be more efficient, as you say. I'll tell you what we can do.Why don't we try your proposal for a month, and see how it works.
Excellent. I would be happy to get started on it.
I will call the managers.Then tomorrow I'll tell you when we can schedule our first meeting in this " new style. "

Good afternoon, sales department.May I help you?
Could I speak to Mr Wood, please?
I'll see a piece available, who should I say is calling, please?
John eng
Hold the line, please.Mr Wood is in the meeting with managing director at the moment I afraid.Can I help you?
Well, I want to discuss with them the new control we said last week.
I don't think the meet will go on much longer, should I ask him to call you when he is free.
Yes, that will be easiest.
Could I have your name again, please?
Yes, It's John eng.
And the number?
01088256798
Ok, you will be hearing from Mr Wood later in the afternoon then, Mr John.
thank you for help.good bye.
You are welcome, goodbye.

You look tired.
Yeah, I’Ve been working so much overtime lately.
Really? How come?
My boss gave me a big project. I had to have it finished it by this morning. It was so difficult!
You shouldn’t work so hard.
I know. But hard work pays off, you know.
What do you mean?
Maybe now I’ll get that promotion I was hoping for.

Excuse me.May I see the manager of your store?
I am the manager.Can I help you?
Oh, great, I saw a job ad outside your store. I am interested in the job advertised. I am coming to see if there is any opportunity available for me.
All right.Take a seat, please.Would you like to be a shop assistant or a cashier?
I can do the work of shop assistant and I worked part time in a small department store during my summer vocation last year.
So now do you want a full-time job or part-time job?
At present, both are OK for me.What do you need most, then?
Now we really need some part-time workers.You see, our full-time staff knocks off at five pm, but now we hope to extend the hours to eight pm.We need some part-time shop assistants to work 3 hours a day from five pm to eight pm.But I am not sure if you are qualified for the job.Since most of our customers are foreign, competence of good communication in English is necessary here.
I think I can. I have been learning English for almost 5 years and especially I am fluent at speaking English.Also, I have made some foreigners friends during the experience of learning English.
That is fine. I think you have the qualifications needed for the job, so I will let you have the job.Does the work schedule suit you?
It quite suits me. I am free in the evening these days, I will have no difficulty starting at five pm.
Good.There is only thing to be settled.Ten RIB an hour is the maximum we can pay you.Is the rate of pay acceptable to you?
It seems reasonable.By the way, I can get my earning raised with a excellent performance, can't I?
Sure.You will get more if you can invite more customers with your good service.
I see. I will try my best to do the job well.
That is good of you to say so.When can you start working?
How about next monday?
Ok.Let's make is next Monday. I n the end, you need to fill out the application form.
Thank you for your kindness, ma'am. See you next Monday.

Marketing manage office, can I help you?
Mr Green, please.
Sorry, he's out.
What time you suspect back them?
Sorry, I am not sure, can I take a message?
No, thanks. I'll call back later.
That's fine.please call again later.
Ok, thank you.Goodbye.

I'm going to the fair now.if any one looks for me. ask them to call the fair.
What is the telephone number there?
8826789 4, extension to 208
When will you reach there?
About ten.another thing is that I want an appointment with the customer at Changing hotel at three thirty this afternoon.please help me phone the customer so we can confirm now.
What is the customer's name, and what is his room number?
You can check them from the fax yesterday.
Ok, I'll phone the customer right away.Do you want to pick him up at our office?
No, I'll discuss the business with him at hotel.

What type of people do you work with most effectively?
I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward.It's more difficult for me to be around timid people, because I move quickly and I am decisive.
What things impress you in your colleagues?
I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity. I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment.
What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked?
The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others. I want to hear good and bad feedback in private, so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions. I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior.
How do you organize and plan for major projects?
I love to brainstorm a best, worst, and most likely scenario.Then, I set a timetable that's realistic.What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react.
Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure.
I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks.The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible, because I could't bring my office files with me.Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system, so we located everything we needed.
How do you manage your time in a typical day?
I've always given priority to work with established clients, because they offer a better risk / return value.The last thing I do is general correspondence, especially internal correspondence, which I take care of at the end of the day or week.
Describe a time when you acted on someone's suggestion.
I changed my open office hours because several of my employees found it difficult to visit me except in the early mornings.

Susan, Is the manager in this office?
Yes. But he is meeting a client.
Oh, that's too bad. I just got a phone call saying that my wife is now in the hospital. She is going to deliver a baby. I must take the day off to go to the hospital. May I talk to him to ask for leave?
I am afraid not, but I think I could convey your leave to him after the client goes.
Oh, that's very kind of you. Thank you very much. I've got to go.

Medicine Industry, this is Peter Bush speaking, can I help you?
Good afternoon, could you connect this call with Mr Brown, please
May I know who's calling?
This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited. I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company.
I'm sorry, Mrs Li, Mr Brown is now in a meeting.May I have your number, and ask him to call you back later?
I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now.He's got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay.
Ok, then would you please hold the line? Mr Li, the line is through, Mr Brown is ready answering the call, go ahead.
Thank you for your assistance, Mr Bush.
You are welcome.

Kate, will you please make ten copies of this report?
I'd like to, but the photocopier is out of order.
Then use the xerox machine.
It broke down one year ago.
Oh, forget it then. Hey, I told you to put the files on the in tray, not on my desk.
The pile is over ten feet high. I am afraid it will fall all over and bury you underneath it if I put this file on top of it.
Very funny. What's wrong with you today? You are my secretary and you are not supposed to talk to me in that tone of voice. Do you know that?
What do you expect? I've been working for you for three years, and you've never given me a holiday. I don't feel well today, because I have a terrible headache. I am not in the mood for being gentle and polite. If you can't stand it, it's your problem. I am not going to change, because I think it suits you best.
Keep your voice down, Kate. I know you've had a hard day today, but you should at least show some respect for me. If you really don't feel well, go home. There isn't much work today anyway.
I apologize for forgetting myself, but I do need some time off.

This is a very good meeting, Liz.
I am happy that we’Ve finally cleared up some problems.
I think we have. Is there anything else to discuss?
No. That's all, I guess.
Then let's call it a day, shall we?
All right. See you later.
After a while.

Do you have a free moment?
Sure, what do you need?
I am having some trouble. How do you use this printer?
Well. First you have to turn this switch on.
Silly me.
Now press this button.
Oh, and it's out of paper. Do you have any more?
Just a second. I'll go get some.

Come in, please.
Good morning! I am Anna Lu. I've come for an interview which was arranged.
Oh, I see. I am Jack White, Personnel Manager. Take a seat, please.
Glad to meet you, Mr. White.
Miss Lu, have you got any experience in restaurant service?
Yes. Since I entered college, I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress.
For how long?
3 years.
Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers. Can you serve them in English?
That's why I applied for this job. Now I am studying Hotel English in my college, and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette. I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers.
You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent.
I don't mind that.
I think I will give you a 3 months’trial. The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus. After that period if we both feel satisfied, a formal contract would be signed.
When am I supposed to start working?
Next monday. Bring your resume and diploma with you.
Yes, I will. Thank you, Mr. White. Goodbye!
Goodbye!

David, I am going for an interview tomorrow. It's an American company. Can you give me an idea of what the interviewer will ask?
Well. They may ask you to tell them more about your educational background and your working background.
But they can see my resume. It's all in there.
I know, but sometimes interviewers just want to hear you say it. Then you may be asked for your viewpoint on why you feel you are qualified for the job, give them all your qualifications and how you think they will fit the position you are applying for. Questions like what sort of experience do you have and what are your goals? are closely related to this.
Ok. What else?
They may want to know how the company will benefit and why they should hire you?
I see. What about the salary?
Hm, they may ask you what kind of salary you have in mind, or simply tell you what the company is offering. I think the latter is more likely for a starting position, especially if you have little experience. And if they are seriously considering hiring you, they will probably want to know when you would be available to start work. And basically, that's about it.
Ok, thanks, David. You’Ve helped me a lot.
Anytime. Let me know how it works out.

Anything else?
Yes, one last thing. How much holiday time do you give your employees every year?
Our employees receive 15 days of paid vacation every year. If you don't use the full 15 days, they carry over to the following year.
How about sick days?
You get 5 paid sick days.
Any other benefits?
Yes, we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well.
Great. Thanks so much for your time.
We'll contact you soon, Tom. Thanks for coming in.

So how was your interview?
I haven't gone to the interview yet. It's tomorrow. I am so nervous.
Don't worry. You should do fine. You have the experience.
I hope so.
Remember, they want someone who works well with people. You've got to show them how easy-going and personable you are.
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind.

Hello, this is Mary from the Taipei new station, what can i do for you?
Hello, Marry, this is Lin Wang, calling from network.
Hi, Mr Wang, who do you wish to speak to?
May i speak to David please?
Davids who, we have 5 Davids in the office.
Oh, sorry, David Richton.
Please hold on a minute, offer your call to Mr Richton.
Thank you.
You are welcome.

Hi, Cole. What can I do for you?
if you have a few minutes, I'd like to talk to you about my future at this company.
sure, have a seat.
thanks.
let me just grab your file. How long have you worked for us now?
I've worked here as a sales representative for about a year now.
one year already? It's amazing how time flies like that. Are you enjoying your job?
yes, but I'd like to have a chance at job advancement.
I see. What job did you have in mind.
well, I've noticed that is a position available as a sales manager.
do you understand what duties that job would entail?
yes. I would be directly responsible for all of the sales representatives in my department. I assume there'd be more meetings, paperwork, and other responsibilities, too.
that's right. Do you have any experience in management?
yes. In fact if you look at my resume, you can see that I was a manager before I started this job.
well, I think you'd be the perfect candidate for the position. According to company policy, you'll still have to go through the formal application procedures though, so fill this application form in
ok. Thanks for your support.

Hello, could I speak to Allison, please?
I'm sorry, he's out at the moment.
When do you expect him back?
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least.
Well, may I leave a message?
Yes, of course.
Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back?
Ok. Does he know your number?
I'm afraid he doesn't. My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026.
13924774026. All right. Thanks for calling. Oh, hang on, someone's at the door that may be him, please hold on.

Is this Mr David Richton?
Yes.
Hello, Mr David Richton, this is Min Wang calling from network, i am calling about the reporter position you advertised on the internet.
Oh, yes, Mr Wang, i look at your resume you emailed, very impressive, are you a P. M. ~ meet someone like you, i was thinking of calling you this afternoon, and having a telephone interview.
That is wonderful.

How do you like your work?
The work is rather hard, but it's interesting.
What do you do?
I work in a publishing house. How about you?
Mine isn't hard, but it's not interesting.
What do you do then?
I'm a clerk in a shop.

Evan, are you busy right now?
Not really. What’s up?
Well, I need a hand with the fax machine. My fax is not going through.
I’m kind of useless in that area, but I’ll take a look at it.
Ah, thanks.

Good afternoon, ABC Incorporated. How many I direct your call?
I would like to speak to Mr. Miles.
I am sorry, sir. He isn't in right now. Would you like to leave a message?
Yes. Can you tell him Bob White called?
And your company name, please.
He knows who I am.
Is there a telephone number where you can be reached?
I can be reached at 544-879-9087 until 5 p. m. today.
Thank you, sir. I'll tell him you called.
Thank you.

hello, this is the International Student Office. My name is Leah. How may I help you?
I'd like to speak to the Ms. Collins, please.
ok. Can I ask who is calling, please?
this is Nathaniel Brown.
and what is your call regarding?
I'd like to talk to her about my accommodation situation.
ok, I'll try and put you through. Please hold.
ok.
... sorry, her line is busy at the moment. Can I take a message?
sure. Can you have her call me back on my cell phone number?
ok. What's your number?
it's 0-7- 7-8- 7-3- 6-7- 6-8- 8.
let me repeat that back to you. That's zero, double seven, eight, seven, three, six, seven, double six, double eight.
no, there's no double six at the of the number. It's just zero, double seven, eight, seven, three, six, seven, six, double eight.
I got it. When should I have her call you back?
anytime before 6 pm tonight.
ok, Nathaniel. I'll have Ms. Collins call you back sometime tonight before 6 pm.
thank you!
bye!
bye!

Is this American Airlines?
Yes, sir. My name is Ellen. How may I help you?
I need to get a flight to Chicago on the 7th in the morning. Can you give me a hand?
Certainly, sir. There’s a flight at 8: 35 a. m. and one at 10.

morning. Phyllis Seymour speaking.
Hi, Ms. Seymour? It’s Allan Parker. I’Ve been waiting to call you and thank you for all your help last week.
Thank you very much, Mr. Parker. But, that is my job.
Well, I want to let your boss know that she’d better hold on to you! You’re a hard worker!

Hello, Mr. Kramer. Could you spare a minute?
That’s about all I can spare, Karen. What do you need?
I need to talk to you about that new secretary you’Ve hired. I think I’m going to have some problems working with her.
She seems to be quite qualified. If it’s a personal problem, I’d prefer it if you would work it out between yourselves.

sorry, Brad. But you are going to have to re-do this.
What’s the problem, Ms. Murphy?
It’s badly organized. I can’t present this to the board.
I’m sorry. Ms. Murphy. I’ll re-work it. Can I give it back to you this afternoon?

Hi, is this the Bread and Cheese Deli?
Yes, ma’am. How may I help you?
I need to place an order for a couple of sandwiches and drinks. Can you deliver?
Yes, we do deliveries for orders over $ 15, ma’am.

Ms. Montgomery? Do you have a moment?
Sure, Brian. What’s on your mind?
I’m a bit upset about this year’s bonus. I was really expecting a little more. Are there any problems with my work?
No, not at all, Brian. This year, we’Ve all had to cut back. I’m hoping next year’s going to better. I hope you can understand.

Carla, I know you’re kind of new in this business and I want to give you some advice.
Yes, Mr. Michael?
You have to listen to what the client asks for. What you have just shown me is not at all in line with the client’s wishes.
I’m sorry, Mr. Michael. Could you tell me where the problems are exactly? Maybe I misunderstood the client’s intentions.

Would you please take a seat over there, madam? I’ll let Mr. Emory know that you’re here.
Thanks. I can wait here.
Well, it may take some time. Mr. Emory’s at a meeting at the moment. It would probably be more comfortable over there.
I see. All right, then. Thanks.

Mr. Emory? I’d appreciate it if you would look over these letters before you leave today.
I’d be glad to. Just leave them on my desk. I didn’t expect you to finish so soon.
Thank you, sir. I’ll leave them here. If there are no problems, I’ll mail them out this afternoon.
Great. Good work.

Mr. Emory? I think it’s time to get a new computer.
Why, Christine? I think the one we have is fine.
For the amount of work we do on the computer these days, the one we’re using is just too weak. We really need a higher model.
Well, I’ll think about it. I don’t know whether accounting is going to agree to such a big purchase.

Solomon, I thought we had agreed to change this deadline.
I wanted to talk to you about that, Mr. Eng. Mr. Emory would prefer to keep the deadline as is. We can start earlier if you’d like.
I’ll have to think about that, Ms. Solomon.
Certainly, sir. We can wait another day or two.

Excuse me, Ms. Montgomery?
I’m sorry, Jeff. Please don’t interrupt me right now. I’m in the middle of a conversation.
Oh, I’m sorry, Ms. Montgomery. I’ll come back later.
That’s all right. I’ll be finished in a little while.

We’re going to need a lot of new stuff after the holidays. Let’s make a list.
Fine, Mr. Richardson. What do you have in mind?
Well, to begin with, we’re going to have to get a new desk for you and I’d like to replace that old typewriter.
Yes! I agree! We could really use another one! I’ll get on that right away! What else would you like to order?

Is this supply?
Yeah. This is supply. What can I do for you?
This is Rachel in Human Resources. I need two boxes of company letterhead, one box of ball-point pens, and a box of envelopes.
All right. No problem. What’s your extension?

You still have not given me those files I’Ve asked you for.
I’m sorry, Mr. Myers. I’Ve just been so busy today.
I really don’t want to hear your excuses, Janet. We’re running a busy office here. You’re going to have to keep up.
You’re right, sir. I apologize. I’ll get those files for you now.

Cindy! Are you getting take-out?
Yeah, do you want something?
Yeah, thanks. Could you pick me up a chicken salad sandwich, an order of fries, and a large diet coke?
No problem. Do you have any cash on you? I don’t think I have enough.

Then, Mary. We need 10 more loose-leaf binders, five pounds of heavy duty white paper, and what else did I say?
Two boxes of transparencies for the over-head machines.
Right. And I’d like one of those new electric pencil sharpeners.
All right, Mr. Jones. Do you think we’ll need anything else?

Liz, you were supposed to have had those contracts typed up by now.
I was supposed to do that? I thought Sharon was responsible for that.
No, Liz. I asked you specifically. Don’t you remember?
I’m really sorry, Mr. Samuel. I really don’t remember that.

Rachel? I’m not sure how you want to handle this account. I think there are a few things to be sorted out.
I agree, Toni. I think the biggest problem we’re facing is how to bring it in under budget.
That’s true. But even beyond that, there’s the question of meeting the deadlines they’Ve set.
Right. Look, why don’t we make a list of the problems we’re dealing with. It’ll be easier to work through them that way.

Listen, Christine, you can not afford another day off. You’Ve called in sick five times in the last three weeks.
I know, Mr. Douglas. But I am really sick.
Well, I want a note from the doctor on this one. And, to be honest, if this continues, we may not be able to employ you here.
I understand, sir. I’ll bring a doctor’s note in tomorrow. I am sorry, Mr. Douglas.

Martin? Did you remember to bring back that software I lent you?
Oh, Kate! I’m sorry. It completely slipped my mind!
That’s okay, Martin. If you could just bring it in tomorrow, I’d appreciate it.
Definitely. I’m really sorry!

John? Can you come over here for a second?
Certainly, Mr. Emory. What can I do for you?
I need you to take a look at these samples. I think there are a few problems.
Sure. Let me look over them and I’ll bring them back this afternoon.

These two sections need to be re-written, Jerry. The last guy that did this really mixed things up.
Yeah, I could tell that. That’s no problem. I can probably get it re-done by tomorrow. When’s our meeting with the boss?
Not until next week, I think, the 15th.
Then, we’Ve got plenty of time.

What are you guys doing over there?
What do you mean, Janice?
I’Ve been waiting for a response on the Blake Building design for nearly two weeks.
I’m sorry, Janice. But we’Ve been waiting on the client. It’s out of our hands at the moment.

Mr. Phillips? I have a request here from purchasing that needs your approval.
Let me take a look. This is for a 486 computer with modem. Who’s it going to?
I believe it’s going to Ms. Wilson’s office.
Get her on the phone, please. I need to clarify this.

Mark? I need that file you took yesterday.
I’m sorry, Janet. I left it at home. I’ll bring it back in the morning.
Mark, I told you yesterday afternoon that I would be using that file today.
I know, Janet. I just walked out and forgot it completely. I’ll go home and get it at noon, all right?

Excuse me, sir? I’m afraid this is a no-smoking area.
What’s that?
I’m sorry, sir. Smoking is not permitted in this area.
Oh, sorry. I’ll put it out.

This is what my boss is expecting, Sandy. He wants a detailed list of expenses and equipment costs.
That’s going to take a while to put together, Paul.
The sooner, the better, Sandy. I don’t think he’ll sign anything till he’s got that in his hands.
I’ll get to work on it right away. Anything else?

Hi, Alex. Would you come with me to supply? I’Ve got to pick up a load of stuff and I’m afraid I can’t carry it all.
Sure, Stacy. Let me just grab my coat.
Thanks. I appreciate the hand. I’d have to make two or three trips on my own.
Don’mention it. I’m glad to help.

I really just have two problems with this.
Yes, sir?
I’m concerned about your lack of marketing experience and, frankly, your age, you’re pretty new at all this.
I can understand that. Let me see if I can clarify some things for you.

Mrs. Montgomery? I’Ve been trying to figure out when we should have the New Year’s party. Could you take a book at these dates?
Sure. The twenty-ninth is out. I’ll be out of the office all day at a seminar. Either the twenty-eighth or the thirtieth is fine.
Well, why don’t we make it the thirtieth? We can set it up from three to five. That way, everybody can just go home afterwards.
Sounds good to me. You make up the invitations, I’Ve got run. I’Ve got a meeting in five minutes.

Hi, Carlos. What are you doing this afternoon?
Working. Why?
Well. I was just wondering if you would come by and give me a hand with the fliers for next week’s party.
I’m sorry, Melissa. I really can’t today. I’Ve just got too much going on. Maybe tomorrow.

Susan, we’re going to need those data before tomorrow.
I know. I’m just waiting for confirmation on one of them. I can get them to you by tomorrow morning.
Yeah? All right. Thanks, Susan.
That’s all right.

Mr. Martin? I need to talk to you for a minute.
Certainly, Mr. Emory. Is there a problem, sir?
Well, I’d just like you to help me with the holiday schedule.
Fine, Mr. Emory. Let me just grab a pad and pen.

Mr. Blake? Mr. Foster’s on the phone. He’d like to know if you can send over those training manuals?
Oh, tell him I’ll leave them at his office tomorrow afternoon.
He was hoping that you could drop them off this afternoon.
I’m afraid that I can’t do that. They’re at the printer’s being copied. They’ll be back tomorrow before 1 o’clock.

Can we talk about this bonus plan of yours? I’Ve got a few problems with it.
Sure, Richard. What’s on your mind?
Well, to be honest, I just don’t think we’re going to have enough funds to give the kind of bonuses you have in mind.
Well, why don’t we sit down and work out the numbers? We can always scale down the bonuses if we have to.

Excuse me, Mr. Graham? I have something I need to discuss with you.
I’m in a bit of a hurry, Louise. Can it wait?
I would really appreciate it if we could talk for a few minutes now. It’s about the overtime you’Ve asked me to put in.
All right. Why don’t you have a seat? What’s the problem?

I’m not sure what you expect me to do, Michelle. You’Ve not been very clear about any of this.
I’m sorry, Clint. Maybe I didn’t make myself clear enough. We should get together to discuss this.
Yeah. I think that would be a good idea. I’m really in the dark on everything.
Fine. Let’s meet this afternoon. I’ll draw you a better picture of the situation.

I’m sorry to disturb you, Mr. Crane.
Yes, what is it, William?
Could you please look over these resumes? They’Ve just come in.
All right, fine. Thank you, William.

Jason. There’s a snag in the plans for the Hoover Center.
What’s wrong? I thought everything was set.
Well, it was. But the contractor’s just told me he’s not going to be able to finish by the twentieth, as planned.
Maybe we could work out an overtime schedule. It’s definitely worth it to finish by the twentieth.

Excuse me, Mr. White? I just need you to sign these before I leave.
Sure, Sherry. Sorry to have kept you waiting. If you hadn’t told me, I probably would have just forgotten all about them.
That’s my job, sir. Just one more signature here, please.
There you are.

Albert? Could you co-sign this approval sheet? Accounting’s getting really picky.
I know. They’Ve already sent back two approvals I sent them. Where do I sign?
Right here. It’s for that new fax machine we’re getting.
Oh, right. I remember. There you are. Hope you don’t have as many problems as I had!

Could you call Mr. Jacob for me, Sara? I need to go over some stuff with him.
Of course, Mr. Roberts. But, could you tell me his extension number again? I haven’t got all the numbers down yet.
Sure, it’s 4-8- 7-2. Don’t worry. You’re doing a fine job.
Thank you very much. Mr. Roberts.

Hi, Brad. How are you today?
Just fine, Mr. Emory. Could you please sign this memo? I want to get it out to everybody this afternoon.
No problem. Is this the only one?
Yes. That’s for today. Thank you.

Hello, Mr. Compton? This is Susan Miller.
Hi, Susan. What can I do for you?
I’d like to take tomorrow off if that’s all right with you.
Let me take a look. Just a second. That’s no problem, Susan. See you on Wednesday.

Excuse me, Mr. Macmillan?
Yes, Ms. Ross? What do you need?
I was hoping you would write a letter of recommendation. I want to enter a Master’s program in marketing. It’s all on weekends and evenings.
Good news! I’ll be glad to. When do you need it?

Could I trouble you for a minute, Mr. Graham?
Sure, Emily. How can I help you?
I would like to leave a few minutes early today. Would that be all right?
That’s fine, as long as you can get that report typed up before you leave.

John? I have to say I was bothered by the way you handled the meeting today.
How so? I thought it went fine.
I think it would have been better if you had given us more of a chance to give our opinions.
I’m sorry. I thought we were all pretty much in agreement.

Hello, Ms. Murphy?
Yes? Who’s calling?
It’s John Anderson. I’m afraid I’m going to be out sick today. I’Ve got a nasty cold. I hope you don’t mind, ma’am.
No, that’s no problem. I’m sorry to hear you’re not feeling well. Get some rest. If you need to see a doctor, let me know.

morning. Macmillan and Emory. May I help you?
Is this the accounting department?
No, I’m sorry. You’Ve reached Mr. Macmillan’s office. Let me just put you through to accounting.
Thanks. I appreciate that.

Mr. Johnson’s office. Cindy speaking.
Hi, Cindy. It’s Michael Kurt. Is Mr. Johnson in?
No, I’m sorry, Mr. Kurt. He’s stepped out for a bit. Would you like me to have him call you?
Yeah, that’ll be great. I’m on extension 4283.

Jason Emory speaking.
Hi, Jason. It’s Elizabeth Montgomery. Have you got those plans drawn up yet?
Yeah. They were just sent over to your office. You should have them in about half an hour.
Thanks a lot. Sorry to trouble you.

Hello. Mr. Rodriguez?
Yes. Is this Paula?
Yes, sir. I’Ve just dropped those slides off at the Winthrop office. Do you need anything else while I’m out?
No, that’s all right. Paula. Why don’t you get something to eat, and I’ll see you this afternoon.

Excuse me, Mr. Graham? I have something I need to discuss with you.
I’m in a bit of a hurry, Louise. Can it wait?
I would really appreciate it if we could talk for a few minutes now. It’s about the overtime you’Ve asked me to put in.
All right. Why don’t you have a seat? What’s the problem?

Hi, is this Rich?
Yeah, who’s calling?
It’s Alex... Have I got some great news! We got the Baker account. It’s all ours!
Fantastic! I can’t believe it! That’s the biggest account we’Ve gotten so far!

Greg. I want to speak to you for a minute.
Yes. Ms. Gray. Is there something wrong?
I’m afraid there is, Greg. I don’t mind you taking a break. But you’Ve been away from your desk for twenty-five minutes already.
I’m sorry, Ms. Gray. I must have lost track of the time. I’ll get back to work, now.

Farmington? Would you take a look at these catalogue ads that Roger did? I don’t think we can use them.
Hmm. I see what you mean. Have you spoken with Roger? He usually does better work than this.
I know, Mr. Farmington. But, I’m not sure that I should bring this up with him. I think it would be better if you spoke to him.
All right. Leave these ads with me. I’ll speak to him this morning.

Mr. Crandall, I’m sorry, but I really don’t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch. It would take a lot of work.
That’s certainly true. But, that’s what this job is all about, Maria. There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable.
I agree. But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes. I’d appreciate it if you would give me a chance.
All right, Maria. I’ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work, but otherwise, you’ll have to re-do it.

Ms. Montgomery? This is Richard Thomas. I’m sorry to bother you at home, but I’Ve got a bit of a problem.
Oh? What’s wrong?
My daughter’s just banged up her knee pretty badly and I’m going to have to take her to the hospital. I’ll be about two hours late.

I’d like to talk to you for a second, please.
Okay, Mark, What’s up?
I’d like to know why you’re always taking credit for work we’Ve done together like that line in the new Ice Cream ad?
That was my line, Mark. I know we worked on the ad together, but that was definitely my line.

Mrs. Reynolds? This is Martin Gross calling.
Hi, Martin. What can I do for you?
Well, I’Ve got the spread sheets you asked for, but I’m still waiting on some data from accounting.
That’s all right. Bring me over what you’Ve got.

I have to talk to you!
What, Hilary? I’m really in a hurry!
I know, Blake. But you’Ve been avoiding me all morning, and we have got to talk about this deal with the Mc Kinsey Food Company.
I’Ve been busy, Hilary. We can set up a meeting to talk about the deal, but I still feel the same way. I don’t think it’s worth it.

Hi, United Airlines? This is Elizabeth parks calling. I have a reservation on the 2:30 p. m. flight to Shanghai this afternoon.
Yes, Miss Parks? How may I help you?
Well, I’d like to reschedule my flight for the tomorrow morning one at 9:05. Is that possible?
I’m very sorry, Miss Parks, but the 9:05 flight is completely booked. I can put you on a waiting list if you would like.

Susan! Why didn’t you tell me that you were taking over the Silk Company account?
I thought you knew, Todd. It was decided last week. I guess you weren’t at the meeting.
You know I wasn’t at the meeting. I was meeting with Mr. Wei about this account. I’Ve been on this for a month and a half.
I’m sorry. Todd, but Mr. Emory felt that it was going too slowly, and that it needed a fresh start. He should have told you.

May I help you?
Hi, this is Sharon in Mr. Reynolds’s office. One of your delivery men picked up a package here about an hour ago.
Yes, is there a problem? Ma’am?
Well, it still hasn’t reached its destination. I wonder if you could track it down for us. Mr. Reynolds is a bit concerned.

Alpha Beta Courier Service? This is Louise Walker calling from The Marketing Company.
Good morning, Ms. Walker. What can I do for you?
We need to deliver some documents to our Monroe street branch. Can you come by and pick them up?
Of course, Ms. Walker. Could I have your account number, please? And, when do these documents need to arrive?

Good afternoon. Lotus Catering Company. Lilian speaking. May I help you?
Good afternoon. Lilian. This is Tom Baker over at Beck’s Trading company. We need to arrange a banquet for next Wednesday afternoon.
I see, Mr. Baker. How many people are you planning to invite and how much would you like to spend per person?
Well. We’re expecting about twenty-five people and we’d like to spend no more than $ 20 a head.

morning. Rent-A-Car Agency. May I help you?
Good morning. This is Paul Alexander calling from the Isis Advertising Firm. We need a car to the airport for Mr. Phillips.
Certainly, Mr. Alexander. When would Mr. Phillips like to leave?
Let me check... His flight’s at 2:30 p. m., so he should leave no later than 12 noon.

Good afternoon. Is this the Roley Hotel?
Yes, madam. May I help you?
Yes. I’m calling from Westwood and Westwood Attorneys. I need to make a reservation for Mr. Alex Brent.
Fine, madam. When will Mr. Brent be arriving, and how many nights will he be staying?

morning, Mary? It’s John Kramer calling. You remember you handled my tax forms for me?
Of course, Mr. Kramer. How are things going these days?
Better than ever! You won’t have to worry about “ finding ” extra money for me anymore! We made nearly a quarter of million in profit last year!
Congratulations! I’m really glad to hear it! That should make balancing the books a lot easier!

Good morning. Sales Division. Alex speaking.
Alex. It’s Nancy over in Marketing. I’Ve got some good news for you.
Oh yeah? I could use some. What’s up?
Mr. Morris was so pleased with your sales work on his account that he went straight to the top with it. He wrote a letter about it to Mr. Macmillan!

Office Supplies, Inc. Robert speaking, may I help you?
Hi, Robert. This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising. We placed an order with you about a week ago.
Yes, Ms. Reese. I remember, you spoke with me. Is there a problem?
Well, it still hasn’t gotten here, and my boss is pretty angry about it.

Good morning. Could I speak with Mr. Willard please?
This is he. Who’s calling, please?
This is Chris Emerson speaking.
Hello, Chris. How can I help you?

the James’s file, Christine?
I had it right here a minute ago, Mr. Emory. Umm. Just a minute...
Christine, I know you’re new here and there’s a lot to learn, but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order. We can’t afford to lose an important document.
Yes, sir. I apologize for that. Here’s the file you were looking for, Mr. Emory.

Mail room. Karen speaking.
Hi, Karen. This is John Williams in the purchasing department. Can you check to see if there’s a package down there for me?
Certainly, Mr. Williams. Just one moment, please.
Thanks, Karen.

Rachel? This is John Emory speaking.
Yes, Mr. Emory?
I’Ve got some bad news. All the plans sent over to the McGrath Corporation have been rejected. We’re going to have to start from scratch.
I thought they had already agreed to everything. That’s going to take weeks to rework.

John? It’s Susan Miller.
Hi, Susan. What’s up?
Do you know where that memo about office procedures is? I want to give my secretary a copy.
I’m sorry. I have no idea. I haven’t seen that for ages.

Finance, Angie speaking.
Hi Angie, it’s Tom Reynolds here. Can you tell me if my tuition fees for this semester have been approved?
Yes, Mr. Reynolds. They were approved yesterday. You can pick up the check today.
Oh wow! Thanks a million, Angie!

Kevin? Hi, it’s Elizabeth. I have a big favor to ask you.
How big, Elizabeth? Last time you said that, I ended up working overtime 3 nights in a row!
Well, I’Ve got a huge load of typing and Mr. Blake has insisted I get it done by tomorrow afternoon.
All right, Elizabeth. But this is the last time.

Hi, is this Steven?
No, ma’am. This is Sean. Steven’s out sick.
Oh, sorry to hear that. Listen, I’Ve got a rush order. Can you help me out?

The new computer software is driving me crazy! I really need a break!
I know what you mean, Carol. I’Ve had nothing but trouble with it. They say it’s supposed to be easy!
That’s what I’Ve heard. But as far as I’m concerned, it takes a genius to figure it out. Can you pass the sugar, please?
Sure. Why don’t you sit down for a minute? You haven’t taken a rest all morning.

Hey, Doug! How’d it go at that meeting yesterday? I know you were pretty anxious about it.
Fantastic! I got the promotion!
Great! When do you take over?
After the new year.

Hello. I need to speak with Allan Cartwright.
This is he. May I help you?
I certainly hope so, I am about to stop doing business with your office.
I’m very sorry, Madam. Can you tell me what the problem is over the phone or would you like me to go to your office?

Excuse me, I’m sorry to trouble you. My name is Susan Ransom, and I have placed several orders with you company.
Yes, Mr. Ransom? This is Karl Miller. How may I help you?
Well, I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month. It hasn’t arrived yet.
Certainly, Ms. Ransom. Do you have an order number?

Print shop. Seam speaking.
Hi, Sean. It’s Mary in Mr. Emory’s office. I placed an order for 1,000 bound copies of a staff manual last week.
It usually takes 2 to 3 weeks to complete a job like that.
Well, I was hoping you would do me a big favor. That was supposed to be a rush order, I forgot to tell you. I’m getting a lot of flak from my boss.

I’m interested in teaching at your school.
Great. Are you a qualified teacher?
Yes.
What kind of teaching certificate do you have?
I have a TEFL certificate.
How many years of experience do you have?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children.
When did you get your TEFL certificate?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago.
Why do you want to teach at our school?
Well, I’Ve heard many good things about it. I also like teaching young children.
That’s great. Can you speak Chinese?
Yes, just a little.
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00?
I sure can.
Great. See you then.

Good morning, Wilson Association.
This is Brown speaking. I'd like to speak to Mr.Tomas.
I'm sorry, but Mr.Tomas left here just a few minutes ago.
I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes, but your line was busy. Will he be back soon?
I'm afraid not. He is away for the rest of the day.
Is there any other way I can reach him?
I'm afraid not, he has gone out of this town on business. May I take a message?
I have a business appointment with him at ten o'clock tomorrow morning, but I'm afraid I can't make it.
Would you like to make another appointment?
Unfortunately, I'm leaving here unexpectedly, and I may be away for several days.
I see. I'll tell Mr.Tomas you've called.
Thank you.

Hello!
Is Petti there?
I'm sorry, I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number. There is no Petti here.
Wrong number? Are you sure? I called yesterday and she was there.
I'm sure you have the wrong number. This one has been my number for more than 20 years.
That's impossible. I remember the number clearly. Isn't this 763-4565?
No, It isn't. It's 736-4565. It seems you've misdialed.
Really? I'm so sorry I bothered you. I'll try again.
That's all right. This sort of thing happens all the time to everyone.
Yeah. I guess it does. Sorry again for bothering you.
No worries.

This is frank speaking, may i ask who is calling?
This is Jane, I'd like to speak to Mr.Wang, please.
I'm sorry, he is not here at the moment. He has gone to the International Business Center.
When do you expect him back?
I'm not sure, he didn't say when he wound return. If you'd like.you can leave him a message until he is back to you until the moment it's free.
Yes, thank you. When he gets back, please just let him know that jane called. And i need him to call me back.
Does he have your number?
Yes, he does. But i give it to you again. 5264453 6
That was 5264453 6, right?
Yes, thank you very much.
You are welcome.

I would like to take my vacation next month.
How long did you have in mind?
I would like to take my two weeks vacation time.
Seeing as next month is our slow season, that should not be a problem.
Great. I will make my reservations as necessary.
Just make sure to turn in all the necessary paperwork to ensure there are no problems with the days you want to take off.

I've read your report, and I'm not sure I agree with you.You think you can get attendance improved by requiring salaried employees to take their all of their sick days?
That's right. I know it must sound crazy to you, but we believe there will be fewer absences this way.
We give them 10 or 15 sick days per year. Surely requiring people to take them couldn't possibly help. It sounds like a counter - productive policy change to me.
Right now, we have incentives encouraging employees to come to work as often as possible.But employees with colds and the flu are coming to work and infecting their colleagues.
I see. So our current policies are encouraging sick people to come to work, resulting in more sick employees.
That's right. If sick days were mandatory, sick people would stay home. We wouldn't have these company-wide epidemics.
Let's give it a shot!

Would you consider an offer of $ 56,000 per year?
What kind of benefits are we talking about?
Our standard package includes health insurance, two weeks vacation and a company car.
Are these things negotiable?
Uh... not normally. What do you have in mind?
Vacation time is important to me. I would be willing to give up these other items in order to receive more vacation days.
What an interesting idea, Ms. Wilson. Would you also be willing to accept a cut in initial salary?
Possibly. What do you have in mind?

I’m so sorry to call you on such short notice, but something’s come up.
You mean for this afternoon’s meeting?
That’s right I’m afraid I have to postpone it. Mr. Scott got sick and I have to attend the Speechmaker’s Symposium in his place. I’m leaving today, and I won’t be back until a week from Friday.
That’s quite a while. Let’s make it the week after you get back, then.
That will be great. So it’s two weeks from tomorrow, same time and place. I’m really sorry to do this to you.
No problem at all. To tell you the truth, I could use the extra time in my schedule to catch up on some paperwork.

From reviewing your resume I can see that you have ample experience for this position.What I want to know is why you think you’re right for the job.
Well I’m impressed with what the company has done in the past and I think by hiring me the company’s future can only be brighter. I find that my personal goals and ideas about business operation
So you’Ve acquainted yourself with the company. It’s refreshing to interview someone who’s sure of what they want.
Yes, I believe that it’s crucial for me to know if a company is right for me, not just if I’m right for the company. I’Ve only been impressed by what I’Ve read and heard and I see myself having
Commitment to the company and the team is very important to us here.
Well I’m definitely a team player as well as being highly self-motivated. I believe this company can fulfill my long-term goals and offer me great upward mobility. Therefore you will find in me

I really think if I can get my foot in the door at this company it will do wonders for my career. Do you think you can help me polish my interview style?
Sure. Doing your homework and preparing for an interview really pays off.
I’Ve researched the company and think I’m perfect for the job but I’m not sure how to get it across to them.
Well first you have to have more confidence.Employers look for people who are interested, enthusiastic and sure of themselves.
I know I have what it takes but Im worried that my work experience won’t sufficient. Should I inflate my experience?
No, you should always be upfront and honest about your weaknesses. However by focusing on your strong points and maintaining a positive attitude about your abilities, you can take the attention

I’Ve just looked over your resume and I must admit I am quite impressed.
Thank you. I’Ve worked pretty hard to be able to list those accomplishments.
You’Ve got plenty of training and experience. I wonder if you could tell me something about your goals. Where do you see yourself ten years from now?
To be honest, I don’t plan in that much detail. My goals tend to be general ; I define success according to the job at hand. I see myself advancing as I succeed, but I don’t necessarily dwell on
interesting! And how do you feel about decision-making? Are you an independent thinker, or do you depend more on your superior for direction?
That depends a bit on the problem at hand. There are certain situations in which a manager can give a general directive, and expect his employees to know how to take the initiative on the detail
Sounds good. Everyone is taking about teams these days. Can you describe your role as a member of a sales team?
I see myself as an encourager. Of course, sales can be quite competitive and sometimes people in this field have a secret desire for others to fail. In my last job, each representative handled
So, your experience is as impressive in practice as it is on paper.

Thank you for agreeing to come in and meet with us today.
Thank you for inviting me.
I can see from your resume you were in charge of sales for Corporate World Unlimited from 1997 to 1999. Can you please tell me about your responsibilities?
Yes. I was in charge of profit and loss for the northwest region of Canada. As a manager, I was directly responsible for a 50 % increase in sales over a four-month period.
What, do you believe, are some of the key attributes that helped you to achieve such an outstanding increase in sales?
I believe persistence and perseverance are key attributes.

I can’t attend the meeting in Washington. I’Ve proposed you as the most able substitute.
But I’Ve never been on a business trip before!
It’s easy enough. Just make sure you keep track of all your expenses. The accounting department will reimburse you for all your meals and travel expenses.
So the company will pay for everything?
Yes, but when you send in your expense report, you also have to file a report summarizing your trip. It’s not just a big vacation, you know.
That sounds good. But what do you want me to do there?
I’Ve already paved the way. You just have to give a presentation on what our products are. I will do the follow-up and close the sale.

Comfort Inn, may I help you?
I’m looking for a hotel near the convention center.
You’re in luck! We’re just a two-minute drive from there. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not just yet. I have one or two questions. How much for a single?
During the peak season, a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night. But we’Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now – only $ 30 a night. And we’Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in
That’s a good deal. Since this is a working trip, I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients.
Yes, we have five meeting rooms, of various sizes. We can accommodate large meetings and small, informal gatherings as well. Of course, if you have many small meeting, you might consider checking
That sounds great. Do you accept checks?
I’m sorry, sir, we don’t. But we do accept all major credit cards.

Looking through your C. V., I see that you graduated from Oklahoma State University. Can you tell me what training you have had that would specifically relate to the cable television Industry?
Well, I’Ve attended some conferences in this field. But the most relevant training I’Ve had was in computer design. I believe I could integrate that knowledge with my college degree to design
I see. Did you have anything specific in mind?
Well, I notice that you currently provide an on-screen TV Guide. At the moment, it just scrolls the names of the programs in a repeated loop. If you have many channels, you have to wait a long t
That’s impressive. How would you make that pay?
Tie it in with the pay-per-view services, and perhaps it could be a money-maker.
I see you have several good ideas. Now, I just have a few questions about your C. V. I notice that there is a five-year gap between your last job and now.
Yes, I took a break from work during that time. I had a baby, and as she was born with a handicap, I decided to suspend my career. But I have continued to keep up with the Industry through con
So, you’re just starting back. Maybe you’d better tell me a little more about your experience.

Did you pack this bag yourself? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in?
Yes, I packed it myself, and it hasn’t been out of my possession.
Are you bringing in any plants or animal products?
No.
Our sniffer dog seems to disagree. Do you mind if we look in your suitcase?
Not at all. Go right ahead.
What’s this sir?
It’s traditional Chinese Medicine. I mix it with hot water like tea. Sorry. I forgot about it.
What are these red things sir?
Oh no! I forgot about those too! Those are Chinese sausages for my Aunt Lily.
I’m sorry sir, but you can’t take any of this into the country. We will also have to check your carry-on. Please step this way. Don’t’be nervous ; we’ll just look through it briefly and then

Can you tell me a little bit about yourself?
I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years.
Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills.
I am looking for a growth opportunity, which I feel is not available at my current employer. In terms of skills, I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating system
Where do you see yourself five years from now?
I see myself in a management position.

Good evening, sir. Welcome to the Comfort Inn.
Hello. I have a reservation, under the name Lee, Leo Lee.
Mmmm. I’m not sure if we have you down here. How do you spell your last name?
It’s L-e-e.
Oh, right. You’re in our system. I was just looking under Li. So, we’Ve got you down for a Business Suite for three days. If I could just have your credit card, I’ll process your check-in while
You mean I have to pay now?
Oh no, we just make an impression of your card using our credit card machine. It’s in lieu of a deposit. If everything is OK when you check out, we give it back to you then. It’s pretty sta
I see. I guess you can tell I don’t travel much.
( later ) Here’s your card, sir. You’re all checked in. let me just tell you about a few of our services. We have free breakfast in the lounge from 7:00- 9:00. You call the receptionist to arrange

Good evening, Mr. Lee and thank you for choosing our airline. We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked. Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat?
Overbooked? Give up my seat? I don’t understand.
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft. That’s overbooked.
I know what overbooked is, I just don’t understand how that could happen?
Actually it’s a common practice to overbook, as passengers often don’t take their flight as scheduled. Most of the time there is no problem but today, more passengers arrived than we have seats,
So who has to stay behind?
Well, first we ask for volunteers. If someone like yourself volunteers, they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year. If no one volunteers we just have to select someone.
Ok. I’ll volunteer. I could use a free ticket!

I’m ready to settle the bill.
I hope you enjoyed your stay.
Definitely! Very relaxing.
Good. Right, that comes to $ 1,500.
What? I only stayed three nights.
That’s right, sir. Three nights at 500 dollars a night... that comes to $ 1,500.
But your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel’s services were all-inclusive.
Yes, of course. The meals and excursions were included in the hotel price.
But why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars? 250 dollars a night, times three nights should just be $ 750.
I’m sorry sir. The 250 - dollar rate is based on double occupancy. That means it’s 250 per person. The room itself is 500 dollars a night.
Perhaps I could talk to your manager?
Of course. Just a minute ; I’ll get her.

Mr. Lee, all ready to check out? We’Ve already prepared your bill, and housekeeping has done a quick check of the room. How will you be paying?
I’d like to use my Master Card, if I could. Hey, wait a minute! This is a bit more than I expected. Why is it so high?
The bill is itemized, so take some time to look through it and make sure we’Ve charged you for the correct services. Most of your extra charges were for phone calls and room service.
What’s this here – “ house stock ”?
That’s the mini-bar. Each day we check what’s missing and restock it. The items you consume are put on your bill.
I had no idea – and look at these charges for movies!
Those are for pay-per-view movies. Each time you selected a movie, the entertainment system prompted you to confirm that you really wanted it, right?
Yes, that’s right. But I had no idea I would be charged for all this. Thank goodness my company will let me reimburse all this.

I want some envelopes please.
Do you want the large size, or the small size?
The large size please. Do Have you any writing-paper?
Yes, we do. I don't have any small pads. I only have large ones. Do you want a pad?
Yes, please. And I want some glue.
A bottle of glue.
And I want a large box of chalk, too.
I only have small boxes. Do you want one?
No, thank you.
Is that all?
That's all, thank you.
What else do you want?
I want my change.

Accounting, this is Mike.
Mike, this is Leo in Sales. I was just calling to confirm our meeting tomorrow.Are we still on?
Goodness! It’s been so long I actually forgot. Let me see... yes, it is on my calendar.
OK. See you at your office at 2:30.
Right, see you then!

Hey there! I’Ve been hoping to run into you. Are you busy tomorrow morning?
Let me see... Wednesday morning. Yes, I am booked solid all morning. What’s up?
I was hoping to talk to you about the sales projections for next year. I’m having a little trouble figuring out how to use the spreadsheet you set up for me. It has a lot of complicated form
I can explain them to you. It’ll just take about a half an hour. How about Friday afternoon?
Ooh. Sorry, that’s not good for me. I am tied up all day Friday. We’ll have to do it next week. I am wide open then.
OK. Shall we say next week, on Tuesday at 2:30?
Sure, that’ll be fine for me. I’ll come to your office so you can show how you set up these macros.

Good afternoon, Mr. Dome’s office.
This is Denise, Mr. Bruce’s Secretary. I was calling to confirm his meeting tomorrow with Mr. Dome at 4 o’clock.
Yes, it’s confirmed for here in our office.
Is your address still 1150 Lake Road?
Yes, that’s correct.
Ok. Thank you.

Hi Ron, this is Kim at headquarters.
Oh, hi Kim. How’s it going?
Great, thanks. I was calling to change our meeting next week.
Ok, sure. When did you have in mind?
Well, I was hoping we could reschedule for early next month, Our trip has been postponed until the 2nd.
Why don’t’we say the 3rd around 2:00 p. m.?
That works for me! I will call you when I get into town to reconfirm.
Great. Talk to you then.

Hi. I’m here to catch flight 513 to New York.
May I see your ticket please?
Here you are. Do you need to see my passport?
Any form of picture I. D. will do.
Mmmm... a photo I. D. I have my New Jersey driver’s license. Is that ok?
That will do. What an interesting picture! How old is it?
Actually it wad taken just last year, but I had a shaved head and a beard. Can you still recognize me?
Barely. Will you be checking any luggage today?
Yes, One suitcase. I also have a carry-on bag.
Ok. Mr. Lee, you’re all set. Your flight leaves from gate 10. Boarding begins at 10:30

Hi I came in on flight 513. Everyone else took their luggage off the conveyor belt, but mine didn’t seem to be there.
Let me check the computer. Uh-oh, Looks like your luggage is on its way to Paris.
You’re kidding. What am I going to do?
Well, we can give you this lovely shaving kit and call you the minute your luggage arrives here. Just leave us a contact number.
You can reach me at 13661306917.
Thank you. I am terribly sorry about this. It very rarely happens. We do have a sophisticated tracking system, so I know we will find it soon. But we apologize for the inconvenience.
That’s ok. There wasn’t anything important in there anyway. The shaving kit more than makes up for my lost luggage.
Wow! I have been working here for 15 years and you’re the first person to accept a lost luggage situation cheerfully.
I’Ve had a lot worse problems than this traveling so it’s really no big deal.

I would like to buy a ticket to New York please.
When do you plan to travel?
I’d like to pack my bags and leave tonight.
Are you aware that without two weeks advance notice prices will be very high?
Yes I know, but I just got the chance to leave and so I am going to take it no matter what.
I understand. So that’s one ticket to New York, and you’ll be departing tonight. Will that be one-way or round trip?
I wish I could stay there, but unfortunately it will have to be a round trip ticket.
When would you like to return?
My return date will be the 14th.
OK. I have several seats available. Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat?
Anything but a center seat is fine with me. The middle seat drives me crazy!
OK Mr. Lee. I have you booked on flight 513 leaving on the 5th at 11:00 pm and arriving in New York on the 6th at 6
Will there be any layovers?
No, all flights are direct.
Perfect! I’m afraid to ask, but how much is it?
$ 800 dollars.

Hi. I’m here for flight 514 returning to Beijing but the board shows there is a delay.How long of a delay is expected?
So far it looks like we will be leaving two hours late, but keep checking the departing flights status board just in case.
Do you think it’s safe to leave to get a quick bite?
I think you should stay in the airport. Even though the delay is expected to be two hours, the flight departure could be announced any minute. Who knows?
What seems to be the problem?
It seems there are some loose bolts on one of the wings. It happens all the time. No need to worry.
Umm... You know... Actually I was thinking of trying another airline. No need to hold my seat.

Good morning. Please come into my office.
Good morning. Thank you.
I see that you have some impressive writing experience.
Yes. I have written for several top newspapers in the country. I’m also in the process of writing my first novel.
Wonderful. I’d like to know why you’re interested in this position at our paper.

Hi. I’m here for flight 513 to New York but I thought I heard the paging system announce that it is canceled. Is that true?
I’m terribly sorry, sir, but I’m afraid it is true. That flight has been canceled. Would you like to try to book tomorrow’s flight?
No way! I worked very hard so that I could leave on today’s flight. Are there seats on another airline?
It’s possible. If you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there.
You mean the line over there of about 200 people?!
That’s the one. It seems that everyone is anxious to get to New York tonight.
This is a rotten way to start a vacation. I HATE lines! Can you book me on tomorrow’s flight?
Certainly. You will also be receiving a 50 % discount as our way of apologizing for the inconvenience.

We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this.
OK. Let me send a memo around.
Schedule it for this afternoon, when Ken gets back.
I don’t think he’s back today.
Oh, that’s right. Go ahead anyways. I’ll fill him in. We can’t lose this order under any circumstances!
I know, it’s a big one.

Well, what did you think about the last candidate? Do you think we should hire her?
She had a very impressive resume, but she seemed to lack the confidence that I think a good manager needs.
What made you think that she wasn't very confident?
Did you notice the way that she avoided making eye contact with us while she talked?
She was a bit nervous, I guess. What else?
When she first walked into the room to greet us, she didn't shake our hands or introduce herself at all. I thought that was a bit unprofessional.
you're right. If she walked into meetings with our clients like that, it would make our company look bad, wouldn't it?
It sure would. Did you also notice the way she slouched in her chair during most of the interview? She had horrible posture!
I agree. I guess I was paying more attention to her answers than her body language.
On top fo all of that, she didn't seem to have any sense about people's personal space. she didn't keep enough distance between us when during the meeting.
That's true. I guess we'll have to keep looking for a manager then.
Don't worry, we'll find someone eventually!

Hello, Parker. How’s everything?
Can’t complain. And you?
Business is booming. I understand you want to meet up with me next week. How’s your schedule looking?
Let me see. I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday.
Great.

Do you mind if I smoke here?
Yes, I do. I’d prefer you didn’t. The AC ( air-conditioning ) is also on.
Can I just turn off the AC for now and open the window and smoke indoors?
That’s not a very good idea. It’s quite hot outside. Why don’t you smoke outside?
It’s very hot and that’s why I’d like to smoke inside.
Though the AC has the air-purifying function. I’d still rather have fresh air than smoke. Are you okay with that?
Oh, no problem.

have you finished going through the contract?
yes, but I have a few questions for you.
Ok. Ask away.
first, I’d like to know if you offer employees sick leave.
yes, employees can take up to 10 days of sick leave per year. However, in order to get paid, you’ll have to bring in a note from the doctor’s.
even if I’m only sick for one day?
that’s correct.
that’s pretty strict, if you ask me.
well, we’Ve had to add that to the contract because we found that many of our employees were taking almost one sick day a month, even though they weren’t sick.
I see. I guess that makes sense.
do you have any other questions?
yes. Maternity leave is mentioned in the contract, but there’s nothing in the contract alout paternity leave. Do you offer anything to fathers?
we do actually. We can add that as an amendment to your contract.
how many days of paternity leave do you offer?
men are allowed to take 10 days of paternity leave for their first child.
why are women allowed so much more time for maternity leave?
well, women are the ones giving birth. I think it’s fair to give them more time, don’t you?
I guess so. I don’t have any other questions. Should I sign here then?
yes, please.

do you have a minute?
sure, what would you like to discuss?
I've made a tough decision, sir. Here's my resignation.
well, I have to tell you that I'm quite surprised. Is there any possible way to change your mind?
I'm afraid not, sir. I've made up my mind. It's something I have to do.
can I ask why? Were you unhappy working for us?
oh, no. not at all.
are you planning on studying abroad?
no, sir.
have you been given a better offer?
Oh, no. I would never look for another job while working here. I think this is a fantastic place to work.
well, what's the problem then?
it's my mother. She's sick and needs someone to take care of her. I'm the only one who can do it.
I'm sorry to hear that, but you don't need to quit over that. Why don't you just take a leave of absence? We can hold your job for you until your mother gets better.
really? I didn't know that would be possible.
sure, we'd be carry to lose a good worker like you.
thanks, sir.

how was your day?
let’s start with you. How was yours?
it was really busy. I had to work straight through my lunch break.
did you get to leave early then?
my boss told me that I could either go home early or take a long lunch break another day, so I decided to wait and take a long lunch break another time.
it was nice of your boss to give you an option. My boss would never do that.
let’s get back to you. How was your day?
it was horrible! It was just one thing after another.
you look pretty upset. Are you ok?
I’m fine. But I have bad news.
what’s that?
I got sacked today.
you’re kidding! How did that happen?
well, I was late to work today. It was the third time I was late this week.
how late were you?
only about 5 minutes.
you got fired for being a few minutes late?
my boss is really picky about that. He never arrives late, usually works over-time, and always gets his work done on time.
oh well. You never really liked your boss anyway, did you?

Are you ready for your big interview tomorrow?
What’s to get ready?
Lots! Have you done any research about the company?
Nope.
Have you updated your CV?
Nope.

Amelia, could you spare a few minutes?
sure. What do you need?
well, I wanted to let you know that I've put in my notice.
really? Why?
it's complicated. But basically it boils down to one thing. This company is downsizing and I can't continue working for a company that may let me go.
but surely they won't fire you! You're one of the most experienced managers here!
well, to be honest, there's another reason. I've got a better offer.
well that's great news! Congratulations! Where will you be located?
the head office is in New York, but I'll be dealing with overseas companies and flying to this side of the world from time to time.
it'll be sad to see you go, but it sounds like you're found yourself a great opportunity.
I have. I feel lucky. I look forward to dealing with overseas companies and at the same time having a chance to use English more.
I'm sorry to bring this up, but would it be possible for you to write me a letter of recommendation before you go?
of course I can. In fact, if there are other job opportunities at this new company, I'll recommend you personally.
thanks. I appreciate that.

are you ready for the meeting?
yes, come on in. how's your new job going?
it's challenging, but I'm enjoying it quite a bit.
that's great. I knew you'd do a good job as a manager.
thanks a lot.
how's your assistant manager getting on?
well, that's part of the problem. His probation period is up tomorrow and I don't think he's ready to pass.
what seems to be the problem?
well, he was supposed to be able to learn his job in 30 days, but he just doesn't seem to know what he's doing.
if you gave him another 30 days, do you think he could figure it out by then?
to be honest, he has no authority. He's a hard-worker, but no one listens to him.
I see. Not everyone is cut out to work in management.
I know. It'd be great if we could transfer him to a department where he doesn't have to work with people.
there's an opening in the creative design department. It involves working with computers.
that's perfect. I'll let him know tomorrow. Thanks!

hello?
good morning, Nathaniel. This is Leah calling from the International Student Office.
good morning.
the reason I'm calling is because Ms. Collins will not be able to call you back until next week.
oh. I had hoped she would have called me back yesterday.
she's terribly sorry about that. She had to leave the office suddenly and won't be able to return until next week. She hopes you understand.
is there someone else I can talk to?
she asked me to call you to book an appointment with someone else today. When are you free today?
any time after 2 pm today would be good for me.
Mr. Liu is available at 2:15 today. Will that work for you?
I'd prefer to speak with Ms. Fonda.
I'm afraid she isn't available this afternoon. She has an opening at 11:30 this morning. Will that work for you?
that will be fine.
ok, we'll be expecting you at 11:30. See you then.

hi, Isaiah. How are you?
I’m well. And you?
fine. How’s your job going?
I don’t know if I told you or not, but I decided to start my own business.
really? That’s fantastic. What kind of business is it?
I’Ve started an investment banking firm with some of my old colleagues from Goldman Sachs.
how’s it going?
it started off a bit slow, but now, business is really booming!
that’s such great news. I’m really happy for you! Where is your office located?
our headoffice is here in Beijing, but we’re planning on opening up two more offices soon.
where will those be located?
if all goes well, we’ll open one up in Hong Kong in April and another one in Singapore in October.
when will you find out?
we’re negotiating the final details of the leasing contracts tomorrow.
well, good luck. I hope it all goes well for you tomorrow!
thanks!

how's your new job going?
really well, thanks.
how are you finding your new boss?
she's not bad. She's a bit bossy, but I'm sure I'll get used to her.
would you rather have her or your old boss back?
she's far better than my old boss. He didn't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down.
how about your new co-workers?
they are all pretty easy-going. It's a very friendly place to work.
do you miss your old co-workers?
of course. I spent so much time at my old workplace that I got to know them all very well. They were like family to me.
do people in different departments get along with each other?
sure. Since we work together in teams, we have to get along with each other.
do you like working in teams with people from different departments?
yes, it helps everyone to understand what we're doing from different perspectives.
do you like working in teams?
I prefer it to working independently. I think most people do.

how's your job search going?
I don't know. I only started looking for a job a few days ago.
I see. Have you found anything that you're interested in?
I've only found a few openings in my field.
what kind of job are you looking for?
I'm trying to find a job in sound engineering.
there's not a very high demand for that kind of job, is there?
unfortunately not. If I can't find anything in the field, then I could also work in the tourism field.
that's a good idea. You have plenty of experience in the tourism industry, don't you?
yes.
by the way, I saw a job in the paper this morning that you might be interested in.
really? what is it?
it's a job at a recruitment agency.
that's interesting. Do you think they'd hire me?
well, you have plenty of experience job hunting. I think you'd be the perfect person for the job!
that's true. I might as well call them up and see if I can get an interview. Do you have the details?
sure, it's the ad circled with a red pen in the middle of the classifieds. Good luck!

I don’t know what I’m going to do! It’s going to be impossible to make ends meet if I lose my job!
don’t worry. I don't think you’re going to lose your job over one mistake.
it was a rather big mistake. When you work as an investment adviser, ONC small mistake can cost the company millions.
but it wasn’t just you who was involved, right? You were only doing what your supervisor told you to do.
that’s true, but my supervisor is very dishonest. There’s no reason he needs to tell our boss the truth. I’m sure he will tell our boss that it was all my fault, and there’s nothing I can do about tha
let’s think realistically about what might happen. How much money do you have in your savings?
I have enough to live off of for about 3 months. But I really don't want to spend my life savings on just living! I’d rather invest my money somehow.
well, that’s good. If you lose your job, you can just move in with me until you find another job. That will save you plenty of money.
that’s very generous of you. I guess that would work.
if you lose your job, you just have to go for a few months without buying all the junk you usually buy. If you live frugally, you’ll save plenty of money.
I guess working with so much money has made me rather greedy. Maybe losing my job would be a good thing!

Hi, Jane. How are you doing this morning?
I’m all right, thanks. Just a little tired.
Late night?
Yeah, I got home around two.

Hi there! My name’s Terry Graham. You’re new around here, huh?
Yes. My name’s Mark Benson. I just started a couple of weeks ago.
Well, if there’s anything I can do for you, let me know.
Thanks, I appreciate that!

hi, my name's Abby. What's your name?
I'm colin. It's nice to meet you. What do you do?
I'm a freelance English teacher. How about you?
I'm in between jobs at the moment.
what kind of job are you looking for?
I'd like to find a job with flexible hours in the IT field.
have you ever thought about becoming a freelance IT consultant?
no. Is it difficult to find such a job?
not if you are good at net-working. Do you like to meet new people?
yes. I'm pretty out-going and friendly.
do you have experience in the IT field?
I have some. I worked in the IT department at a language school for four years in Spain.
do you speak Spanish?
yes, but not fluently.
that's OK. Have you sent your CV out to anyone yet?
I've sent my CV to dozens of companies but nobody has got back to me.
did you write a clear objective in your resume?
no, because I didn't know what I wanted to do.
I think you need to update your CV. Bring it over to my office tomorrow and I'll help you with it.
thanks, I will. I'll see you tomorrow then!

hi, Betty.what's up?
nothing special. how about you? Are you used to the life here in the States?
everything has been fine for the past several months.
great!
well, I wish someone could talk to me about Western table manners
sounds interesting. Where did you get the idea?
as you know, table manners in China are quite different from those of Westerners.
absolutely. that's because both of us have distinctive cultural features.
for example, in China, it's okay to talk while eating. However, you may regard it as rude.
yes. this must be a huge difference.
can you think of anything else?
sure. We tend to think that the slower on eats, the more polite one seems.
I didn't know that before.
and we never sip or slurp the soup loudly. we quietly like little mouthfuls.
i got it. i'll bear it in mind.
don't worry. i'm sure our etiquette will become a natural part of your behavior as time goes by.
I hope so.

How's your job search going?
I only started looking for a job a few days ago.
have you finished compiling your resume?
yes, I was precise with every word in my resume?
that's good. Don't forget to design the format. An attractive format is as important as the content.
absolutely, I've highlighted all my strengths and the resume is clear and easy to read.
good. How about your cover letter?
a cover letter? I've never thought about that. Won't a CV do for my job application?
no, a CV is not enough. You should also attach it with a cover letter. Don't overlook it. You're faced with fierce competition in the job market. If your cover letter cannot stand out in the pile of
sounds reasonable.Even if I'm the right one for the job, many people are applying for the same vacancy at the same time, so I should try my best to catch the Human Resources manager's attention.
yes, you're right. All your preparation efforts are to help you land a job interview.
got it. I'll start right now.

I just received a phone call for an interview next week.
Congratulations! This is your first interview ever.
thank you, but I'm nervous. I don't know what to do.Could you tell me what should I do before an interview?
sure, you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you're being interviewed.
yeah, besides my personal introduction, what else should I prepare?
you should collect as much information about the company and the position you're applying for as you can. It is important to show that you've done some research into the company. The interviewers Wil
then what should I do when I'm being interviewed?
smile at the interviewers and look them in their eyes while trying to persuade them to select you. Try to act natural, let your personality, ability and interpersonal skills shine through the interview
are there any other things I should pay attention to?
yeah, wear formal clothes to your interview and do be punctual. That'll leave your interviewers with a good first impression.

Have you made up your mind about not going back to your hometown after graduation? Where else would you go?
I would try to land a job in Beijing. I just want to go to one of the big cities.
why?
many say more development opportunities can be found there.
that's true. Beijing is the political, economic and cultural center of the entire country.
and there're higher salaries there.
well, that's true, but living expenses are also higher in big cities.
I've considered that. I'll share an apartment with others to save the rent, and the cost of living won't be too much for only one person.
one person? How about your girlfriend?
oh, we had to break up because she didn't want to float around in Beijing. She insisted on working in her hometown and having a stable life.
sorry to hear that. It seems you have sacrificed a lot to work away from home.
sure have. I want to offer my parents a better life ; so, I'll have to work very hard.
I admire you. Good luck!

do you have s second?
sure. What do you want?
I want to tell you I've put in my notice.
really? Why?
I've been thinking about this for several months, well before the Spring Festival holidays.
and the holidays provided you a chance to think over all this and make a decision?
yeah, after receiving my yearly bouns, I want to search out better opportunities in the spring job market. I've been working in the company for nearly a year and a half and I still haven't received
absolutely. With your expertise and experience, you're clearly working below your pay grade.
that's exactly why I decided to quit the job and find a new one.
this way, you'll earn more at the new work place.
that's right. I am not the only one who has done this. Job hopping is quite common in the IT industry.
that is to say, most IT professionals can get a pay rise more easily by changing a job than waiting for a rise. I'm wondering why IT companies are always willing to pay more to new employees instead

What did you do at the office today?
I had a really busy day. I had to work a little overtime. In the morning an important client called to place a large order. I had to check some things with my colleagues before confirming the order.
What kind of things did you need to check?
The most important thing was to check that we had the goods in stock. If the goods are in stock, we can deliver them immediately. I also had to check the price. This customer is very important, so the
I see. Did anything else happen?
I received a lot of emails from potential clients that I had to answer. Each time, I had to check files to see what we had agreed at earlier meetings. Each client has different conditions and required
It must be difficult to remember the details for each individual client.
Yes. That’s why we have everything on computer files. We don’t use much paper at our office. After lunch, I had to deal with a complaint form a client.
I hate dealing with complaints. Was it a legitimate complaint?
Yes, it was. I managed to sort out the problem, but I was tied up with the matter for over an hour.
You certainly had a busy day.
That’s not all! I also had to finish writing a sales report for my boss. In the end, I finished everything. I wonder what will be waiting for me tomorrow morning.

How time flies! We have been in Beijing for almost 4 years.
yes, I can still recall the days when we were all seniors at college. I asked you whether you would go back to your hometown or not.
yeah, feels like yesterday. Now I’m almost settled down here. We’re planning to buy an apartment and tie the knot.
congratulations! I hope when you hold the wedding ceremony, I’m still residing in Beijing.
thank you. Is your company going to move to other cities?
no, I’m planning to quit this job and go back to work in my hometown after the spring festival.
why is that?
well, I still can’t adjust to the fast pace of city life.
yeah, the hustle and bustle is really difficult to handle.
that’s right. I work extremely hard, and try my best to adapt to the lifestyle here, but I don’t feel any sense of belonging here.
I understand your position. Perhaps it’s time to stop floating and go back to where you belong. You’ll feel much better with your family around.
yeah, I think so.

Okay, well I’m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position.
Yes, well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone, but there were some details I’d like to clarify.
Well feel free to ask me anything, and I’ll try to fill in the details.
Could I first ask about the remuneration package?
Yes, of course. That's quite an important point, isn’t it? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum. This doesn’t include a generous housing allowance al
I understand. And are there other bonuses included?
Well, apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers. But we could go through all the details of that at a later date.
Well, Mr. Parsons, I am flexible when it comes to salary. The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me.
Excellent.Well, what other questions do you have Rebecca?

Well Rebecca, is there anything else you need to know for now?
I don’t think so, Mr. Parsons. I think you have covered all the main points for me.
Okay well listen, here is my business card with my mobile number. If any other questions spring to mind don’t hesitate to contact me. Of course you can also call Miss Childs too.
Great. Rmm, when can I expect to hear from you?
Well, we are finishing the shortlist interviews tomorrow, so we will certainly have a decision made by early next week. Miss Childs will call you to discuss more on Monday or Tuesday. How does that so
That sounds perfect. Thank you very much for taking the time to speak to me Mr. Parsons.
The pleasure’s all mine, Rebecca.
I hope to hear from you very soon.
Absolutely. Thanks for coming Rebecca. Goodbye.

Could you tell me a little about the organization? For example, how big is your workforce here?
Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing. The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff.
I see. And how about the working hours?
Well, as you know Rebecca, in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five. You could be on call at any time. We do have to work very unsociable hours at times.
Well I am used to that, Mr. Parsons, so that’s not really a shock for me.
Good, as long as you understand that.
And when do you need to fill the vacancy, Mr. Parsons?
Yesterday! But no, we are hoping to start from the beginning of next month.
That sounds ideal.

Okay, now I’d like to find out more about your last job. I see you spent almost four years at the London Weekly, is that right?
Yes, that’s right. To be honest, the first year was quite tough for me. I was really just treated more like an intern. I didn’t have many responsibilities and I found it quite frustrating.
So, what changed?
Well slowly but surely I proved myself, and the new editor liked me so he promoted me to features writer.
Wow, a real step up!
Yes, I was responsible for restaurant and food reviews mostly. I spent 3 years in that position, but to be honest it wasn’t an area of journalism I wanted to stay in long-term.
I see, so why did you decide to leave finally?
I just felt that the paper couldn’t offer me any new opportunities. I really needed a more challenging role to be honest.

Okay Rebecca, well I think you’Ve given me a clear impression of your positive qualities, but let’s talk a little bit about your weaknesses.
Okay, well it’s always more difficult to describe them isn’t it?
Definitely, but if you had to pinpoint one weakness what would it be?
Well as I mentioned before, I do tend to get frustrated if I don’t see progress in my work or career. I suppose I’m quite a restless character. My father always taught me to be a high achiever so.
So would you say if things don’t go your way at work it could easily get you down?
Well, in a way yes. But I must say that even if I’m not completely happy in my work I always give 110 % I would never shirk my responsibilities. I suppose sometimes I expect too much too soon.
Well, you know journalism is a highly competitive world, so you do need to keep pushing yourself it’s true. Okay, well let’s move on to talk about the job position here, shall we?
Yes, please.

Okay, Rebecca. Now you’Ve given me a good idea of your work and academic background, but what about you as a person? How would you describe your key strengths?
Well, Mr. Parsons, as I mentioned before I’m someone who needs new challenges. I’m really focused and hard-working. I think my academic results prove this.
Yes, true, but how about other personal qualities?
Well, I believe I’m a good team-player, but I can also work well independently. I’m very enthusiastic and, well I hope my colleagues would agree, I’m fun to work with.
What would you say is your most positive quality?
Hmm, that’s a tough question. But I would have to say my passion. I’m really passionate about journalism and passionate about my career.

Now, if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English?
Yes, that’s right. After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK. My major was English, and my minor was business studies. I completed my BA in 2004.
Yes, I’m pleased to see that you also got a distinction.
Yes that’s right. I’Ve always enjoyed studying. My friends say I’m a bit of a bookworm, but my father always pushed us to succeed academically.
Well, it looks like his encouragement paid off Rebecca. So how about extracurricular activities at University?
Well I’Ve always been keen on writing, so I became the editor for the University student magazine, which I really loved. Also I volunteered for a group called Shelter, to help the homeless in York.
What did that involve?
Providing warm meals and shelter, especially in the winter months. I found it really fulfilling to be part of that group.
I’m sure. Okay, now let’s move on to your work experience, shall we?
Yes, okay.

Right Rebecca. Now I see that after graduating from University your first job was...
For a local paper in York called the York Herald. Actually, I started with them as an intern in the beginning. I was really keen on getting some experience in the journalism, and this seemed like a g
Certainly. And after your internship?
They seemed impressed, and offered me a position as a junior local news reporter. I ended up staying two years there actually. I was in charge of the sports news section of the newspaper. I really
Yes I see. But you decided to leave them in 2006 right.
Yes, that’s right. My husband and I moved to London, and so I managed to find a position with a National newspaper based in London.
The London Weekly right.
Yes, in some ways it was a step down from my previous job but it did offer me much better prospects for the future.

hi. Could you give me a hand with this report?
sure. I’d be happy to give you some hints and advice.
thanks. Would you mind taking a look at the layout? Do you think it’s appropriate? I want it to be formal, but not boring to look at.
it looks good to me. I would suggest that you put the client’s logo and our logo on each page. The bosses seem to like that.
that’s an excellent suggestion. I can easily do it on the computer.
why don’t you use a different font the headings? They’ll be more distinct.
I’ll take that suggestion too. How about the content?
I think you’Ve included all the essential things. You might want to make the conclusion a little longer. Restate your reasons clearly.
is it ok to include the pictures?
definitely! I would include one or two on each page if possible. Remember that you should make the report as eye-catching as possible.
thanks for those ideas. I’ll get to work on them right away.

we’Ve got a lot of work to do now, but take your time over this project. We don’t want to make any mistakes.
ok. I should have it finished by Friday afternoon. Then I can check those account over the weekend. We need to have them finished by Monday, right?
that’s right. We’ll finish them just in time. The Macy project can wait for the time being. We need to spend several days on that project, but it isn’t due to be finished until the end of the month, s
from next week on, we should be in less of a rush.
I’m going to give everyone on the team an extra day off. Everyone deserves it.
don’t say that yet. A new project could suddenly appear.
that’s true. Right. I’m going back to the meeting. It’s been going on for hours and there’s no indication that it’ll end soon.
carol said that she would spend some time checking that everyone is up-to-date with their work.
good. I have to go right now. I really hope this meeting doesn’t last too long.
they usually go on for ages.
I’ll stop by if I have time later. Make sure everyone knows that we must stick to the deadlines.
I will. Enjoy your meeting!

hello. How was the marketing meeting?
hi. It was awful. I think I put forward some great ideas, but none of them were accepted.
I’m surprised to hear that. I thought you had some very good suggestions.
so did i. I ran the ideas by a few people before the meeting and their ideas seemed to have the supports of some people.
so what happened in the meeting?
one or two people didn’t take to my ideas very well. That was to be expected. The worst thing was that the people who said the idea were good before the meeting didn’t support me during the meeting.
I wonder why not. We could always revise the suggestions, to take into account any objections.
that’s good advice, but I’m not confident that even revised proposals will be accepted.
may I make a suggestion?
sure. I’m open to any reasonable suggestions.
Is there a chance you could contact the client confidentially and see what they think? If they like your ideas, perhaps they could put them forward as their own proposals. You won’t get credit for ide
I’m not sure that’s a good idea.
go on. Take a chance. You could just hint at your idea. The client should be smart enough to take a hint.

What do you think of the most important things to do when running a business?
Well, there are several things. Of course, you must do everything you can to keep costs down and revenues high.
So, do you think workers should be paid as little as possible?
No. if you do that, the workers won’t like their jobs. They will be less efficient and you will get a high staff turnover. Those things will increase you costs.
How can a business maximise revenues?
You need to invest in some good advertising. You have to know where your potential customers are and target them. It’s no good trying to sell computer games to older people. The market is too small.
What else do you suggest?
Find out what other companies charge for the same products or services. Price yourself near the low end. Don’t be much cheaper than everyone else, because many customers distrust very cheap things. Th

We’re having a department meeting at 10 o’clock, ok?
That’s fine... I need to pick up some stationary-you know, a stapler, scissors, files, who should I see about that?
See Julie, the receptionist. She knows where all that stuff is kept. You might like a calendar for you desk. She can give you one of those too.
Thanks. I need to make a few photocopies.
The photocopier is near my office. Come on, I’ll show you where it is.
Do you enjoy working in this office?
Yes, I do. Everyone’s really friendly. Sometimes, I wish I worked outdoors more, especially during the summer.
What’s usually discussed at the department meetings?
We usually tell each other where we are with various clients and potential clients. The boss assigns extra duties to people who she thinks can best deal with them. It’s also a chance to put forward su

What’s your working day like?
I have a typical 9 to 5 job. Actually, I work a little longer than 9 to 5 most days.
Do you get paid onetime?
No, I don’t. I get a bonus each month, depending on the value of the contracts I sign with clients.
Do you have any breaks?
We have an hour-long lunch break form 12 to 1. we can take coffee breaks during the day. My boss doesn’t mind, as long as we get out work done on time.
My boss gets annoyed if we take coffee breaks. I suppose your job involves a lot paperwork, doesn’t it?
There’s some paperwork, but most of the time we put any information onto computers. Then we can send information to each other by email or across the network. Do you work in a cubicle?
Yes, I do. I don’t like it very much.
I work in a cubicle too, but I I don’t mind it.

What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well?
First, I'd make sure that we have a good, local, corporate lawyer. He or she will know all the local laws and regulations.
That’s very important. A friend recommended a good law firm to me. We’ll need someone to hire staff.
I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that. I don’t think we should use an agency, because they won’t be familiar with the type of people we employ. Have we decide on the location of
Yes. We have. We chose the location in the northeast of the city, not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD.
Why didn’t we choose an office in the CBD?
The offices there were too expensive. Have we negotiated any contracts yet?
Yes. We’Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries. We hope to sign another three this month.
When will the branch office open?
Hopefully next month. Everything is a little rushed. We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly.
Has and advertising campaign been prepared?
Yes, it has. We’re going to target the business community through business magazines.
I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy. We should be able to get plenty of customers.

Welcome to ABC electronics. First, let me go over what we do in the department during a typical workday.
Ok. I understand that we basically work form 8: 30 to 5:30 with an hour-long lunch break from 12 to 1, right?
That’s right, although we do expect you to do a little overtime if there’s something important to do. The lunch break is flexible. You can go a little earlier or a little later if you prefer.
That’s fine. Is it OK to have a coffee break during the working day?
Of course. The main thing is that all our work must be completed on schedule. We even allow our employee to go home early if they finish their work early.
How often do you have meetings?
You should attend a department meeting every Monday morning. There are other meetings for people working together on certain projects.Department heads also attend an interdepartmental meeting each wee
I’Ve met some of my colleagues already. I’m sure we’ll get on well together.
You are entitled to a company car. Have you seen it yet?
I was told to take a look at it this afternoon and take care of all the paperwork.
Ok. This is your cubicle. At first, you’ll be responsible to me. Later, you’ll be working more independently.
That’s fine. I need to learn how you do things here first. Salaries are paid directly in to our bank account, aren’t they?
That’s right. Make sure you give the accounts department all your bank account details as soon as possible.

Then, I’ll see you next week, Ms. O’Brian?
Yes. Let’s say Tuesday at noon. Bring your portfolio with you.
Certainly. Is there anything else you would like me to bring, Mr. O’Brian?
No, that’s all. I already have your resume.

can you squeeze me in sometime today?
That’s a big order, Jane. I am really swamped.
I know what you’re saying, but I have to go over the books with you before I go see our tax guy.
Right. Okay, let me see what I can do. How about 1:30 right after my lunch meeting? It won’t take more than a half hour, will it?

Excuse me, Mr. Rodriguez? Could I speak with you for a moment?
I can’t just now, Susan. Could we get together this afternoon? What’s it about?
Well, I’d like to talk about my new contract with you, if that’s all right.
Oh, that’s right. Is that time of the year, huh? That’s fine. How about if we meet at 3:30 this afternoon?

I’m afraid we are really short staffed this week, Mr. Cranial. I’d like to accommodate you, but I just don’t think I’ll have the time.
Are you telling me you’re not going to meet with me?
Not at all, sir. I’d just like to push it up to next week. I’ll have a lot more free time at the beginning of next week.
Well, I don’t like it, but I guess I don’t have any choice.

Mr. Reynolds? Rick Murphy. I’m the accounting manager for Macmillan and Emory, Incorporated.
Nice to meet you. How can I help you?
I would like to meet with you to discuss some discrepancies on our payroll account.
Certainly, Mr. Murphy. Could you come to my office this afternoon at 2:30?

Excuse me, Mr. Emory? Mr. Macmillan, would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week?
Yes, I do, Susan. Just a moment. Here it is.
Thank you, sir. Sorry to trouble you.
Not at all, Susan. Just tell him to leave it with my secretary when he’s finished with it

when are you going to give me those brochures?
What’s the rush? You’re not leaving for another week.
I know, but I want to make reservations this week.
Okay. I’ll bring them in tomorrow for sure.

Hey, could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview?
The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides. Do you know all about them?
Yes, I pretty much understand the company.
Well, after you've done your research, you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal. Have you decided what they are yet?
Yes, I've been observing them.
When you are choosing what to wear, keep all of that in mind. Have you chosen what to wear?
I already have something to wear.
I would always be ready to go shopping with you! Should we talk about other basics?
OK, I am ready to think of other things.
You need to make sure you arrive on time, smile, be pleasant and friendly, look the person in the eye and answer all questions to the best of your ability. You'll do great!

I am not sure what to do to get ready for my job interview.
Make sure that you understand the company. Do you understand what it is that they do?
No, I probably need to do some more research.
When you've finished your research it will help you figure out whether your company is rigid in philosophy or kind of more relaxed. Does that make sense?
I think that their attitude is rather casual.
So all of that information will help you to pick out what to wear. Do you have something to wear?
I have absolutely nothing so far.
You know I could go shopping with you sometime if you need it, but can we talk about other basics?
Yes, where should we go from here?
Focus on being relaxed and open, don't forget to smile and shake hands and be genuinely interested in what their company is about. I'm sure you'll do well.

Richard? Do you have the number for that Chinese restaurant on the corner?
Yeah, hold on a second. I’Ve got it in my office. Here it is. 553-2213.
553-2213. Great, thanks.
No problem. Pick me up something to eat too, please.

Thank you so much for interviewing me this evening.
Happy to meet with you. Now, do you prefer group projects?
I like to work alone on some things and then bring those things to the group.
Do you value a steady job more or one that offers a chance to move ahead?
I want to grow in my job and move ahead.
Could you work for us in another state, if need be?
I need to stay in the area because of my family.
How much do you need to make per year?
75,000 per year.
Yikes! Thanks for your interest in this job. We’ll be getting back to you.

Can you help me plan the office party?
Sure. What do you need the most help with, the food or entertainment?
I need help with food.
OK, well, let's coordinate our efforts. Should this party be formal or casual?
I think it should be casual.
I agree. Next, we have to decide on food. We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine. Which one should we have?
I would prefer Chinese food for this party.
Perfect choice. For music, should we have a live band or a DJ?
I think we should hire a live band.
OK then. Well, I will work on my part and get back to you with my progress on Friday.

Could I meet with you to discuss the project?
Good idea. We could meet on Monday or Tuesday. Which day would you prefer?
Tuesday would be good for me.
OK. Do you think we should meet in the morning or in the afternoon?
I think the afternoon would be best.
That will work out. I will e-mail the exact time tomorrow. I need you to bring your plans with you.
Yes, I will bring my plans with me to the meeting.
Should we invite the whole committee or should we just have the sub-committee there?
I feel that the whole committee needs to be there.
Yes, I agree. We'll make sure that they get notified. Can you find the meeting place?
Yes, I know how to get there on my own.
Great! We will send you all the details later. Looking forward to meeting with you!

I would like to make an appointment for a project meeting.
Of course, I have Monday or Tuesday available. What day would be best for you?
I would like to meet on Monday.
Very well then. Are mornings or afternoons best?
I want to come in the morning.
I will have my assistant check my calendar and get back to you with the exact time. Can you bring me an outline of the project when you come?
Yes, I can bring the outline when I come to the meeting.
Do you think that we should include the entire committee in the meeting or just our sub-committee?
I think that we should have just the sub-committee.
OK then, I will make the arrangements for them to attend. Do you know how to get there?
No, I need directions, please.
Fine, we will make sure that we send you all of the information that you need. See you there!

How do we do timesheets here?
They are actually fairly straightforward. Do you know where the blanks are kept?
Yes, I already have one.
OK, well after you take one out of that second drawer, you put your name on the top. Do you see?
I am kind of confused.
Next you fill in all of your hours for each day and total them. Do you know how to show time on a 24 - hour clock?
I'm not quite sure.
Midnight is zero and when you put the minutes in, make sure that you show them with a dot followed by the minutes. Do you understand?
No, I have no idea what you are talking about.
It's easy, just write in the hours, total it, sign it, and put it in the box.
Thanks for your help.
Try it and if you can't do it, one of us can always help you later.

Can you help me with my timesheet?
Sure! I can help you. Do you know where the timesheets are kept?
No, I don't know where to find one.
Well, once you get one off the shelf over there, you first put your name on it. OK?
Yes, I can do that.
Now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week. Do you know how to use military time?
No, I don't know what that is.
OK, so we just start counting hours at midnight and record it. Show all minutes as a dot and then write how many minutes. OK?
Yes, I understand how to do this.
After you total your hours, make sure you sign it and turn it in to your supervisor.
That was easy!
Good luck and let me know if you need any help later on.

I need help with my timesheet.
OK, no problem. Have you found the blank ones?
Yes, I have seen them.
Yes, well put your name on it after you have downloaded it off the company website. OK?
Yes, I understand what to do.
You fill in the hours and total them for the week. Have you ever used a 24 hour clock?
What? Huh?
So after you noted the hours, starting at zero which is midnight, you just write down the minutes as a dot followed by minutes. Get it?
Huh? What?
Just make sure you show your total, sign it, and turn it in.
I thought you said this was easy.
You are a quick learner. I don't think you'll have any trouble with this.

When could we meet to discuss the project?
I will be available on Monday or Tuesday. Choose which day is best for you.
I prefer Monday.
Good. Can you come in the morning or would afternoon be best?
Either one is OK.
Great! When I check with the others, I will send you an exact time. When you come, be prepared to do your presentation.
I will be prepared to do my presentation.
Who would you like to see there? Just the sub-committee or should we ask the whole committee?
Everyone needs to be there.
That will probably be best. Do you need help with directions?
I think I know where it is. Maybe you could send me directions just to make sure.
OK. We will e-mail you all the information you need tomorrow. Have a good day!

I want to make a phone call. Can you show me how?
Of course, pick up the receiver, hit a button and listen for a tone. Are you hearing it?
Yes, now what do I do?
Well, after you dial 9 on the keypad, you should hear the tone change.
No, nothing changed.
When you dial 9 and hear the tone change it means you have an outside line. Who are you trying to call?
I am trying to call my boss.
For an outside call you now just dial the number. For a company number you need to know the extension. Do you have a list of extensions?
I know a few extensions but I don't know them all.
You can always look an extension up on the company website.

Can you show me how to use this phone?
Yes, I can help you with that. Pick up the receiver and hit one of the buttons. Do you hear a tone?
No, I don't hear anything.
Next you dial 9 on the keypad. You should hear the tone change. Did you hear it change?
I'm not sure.
OK. Well, after you get the line to change you have an outside line. Who are you trying to call?
I am trying to call a client.
To call a number on the outside you now just dial the number. For inside calls, punch in the extension number. Has someone given you an extension list?
No, I don't know anyone's extension.
All of the extensions are listed on the wall chart over there if you ever need help.

I need help figuring out how to use this phone.
Sure. First you pick up the receiver and hit one of the first 3 buttons. Do you hear a tone?
Yes, I hear the tone.
OK. Now you dial 9 on the keypad. Do you hear the tone change?
Yes, it changed.
Well, when you hear it change, that means you have an outside line. Where are you trying to call?
I am trying to call home.
OK. Well, to dial to the outside you just now dial the number. For a call inside the company just hit the extension number. Do you know the extensions?
Yes, I have a list of extensions.
Well, if you ever need help with an extension, you can dial O.

I am sorry I am so late to work.
What was the problem?
I lost track of time.
Things happen ; make sure it doesn't become a habit.
OK, it won't happen again.
All right, please take this message and call this client.
OK, no problem.
Now does everyone understand the diagram on the board?
Yes, I understand the numbers.
I will explain it again ; especially for those of you who arrived late.

I lost track of time, am I late?
Yes. What kept you from arriving on time?
My friend needed me to help him.
I realize that everyone has emergencies ; just get here on time from now on.
I will try. My apologies.
I appreciate you saying that and would like you to join us in our meeting.
Sure, I'll sit right here.
Wonderful, does anyone have any questions about this project?
I am confused about the projected revenues.
I'm glad that some of you get it, but let's go over it once more.

I need help with the office party.
Yes, of course. We could split it. What part would you like to do, the food or the entertainment?
I have no idea what the entertainment should be.
Let's make sure we are on the same page. Do we want a formal or informal gathering?
Let's make it a formal affair.
Yes, that would be best. Now, for food should we have Chinese or American food?
American food would be the best choice.
That would be great. What kind of music would you like, a band or recorded music?
We should bring in a really good DJ.
That works for me. Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday.

Would you help me figure out what to do about the office party?
I would be happy to help. What would you like me to help with, food or entertainment?
I would like to help you with both.
That will work out fine. To make sure everything goes together, do you think this party should be casual or dressy?
A dressy party would be fun!
That will work out fine. Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best?
We should probably have both.
Yes, that will work out fine. Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ?
Maybe we could do both!
Everything sounds great then! I'll meet you back here on Friday to discuss the details.

Excuse me for being late to work.
Where have you been?
My car broke down.
That's too bad. Please try to fix it so that it doesn't happen again.
Yes, I'll work on it.
Thank you, have a seat. We are working on the new project
Great! Fill me in.
Let's take a look at the Campbell Project.
I don't understand the projected revenues.
Let's take another look at it for those of you who don't understand.

What can I do to help you?
I have some extra help with my project. What would you prefer to help me with, typing or xeroxing?
I could do some typing for you.
That is very kind of you to offer to do that. Can you start with the pages on the table?
Sure I will get to do that right now.
I like your positive attitude. How many years have you been employed here?
I have worked here long time.
We have a really interesting project coming up. Would you want to join us on it?
I'm not sure. Let me think about it.
OK. I will mention how great you were about helping me today. I appreciate your help.

Do you need any help?
I need some help catching up. Are you good at typing or could you help me xerox?
I like xeroxing.
Thank you! There are papers on the table to start with.
OK, I will get right to that.
I really appreciate the help. How many years have you been with the company?
I just started working here.
I have a special assignment coming up. Would you be interested in helping me on it?
I'd like to, but I am very busy.
I'll make sure that management keeps you in mind for special projects in the future. Thanks for the help!

Is there anything I can help you with?
Yes, thank you. I am really far behind on this project. Could you help me with the extra typing or xeroxing?
I can do either one.
Good. That would be very helpful. Can you start with those pages over there?
No problem.
Thank you very much! How long have you been working here?
I have been working here for 5 years.
Well, we have some special projects coming up. Would you be interested in working on any of those?
Yes, I would love to work on a special project!
Well then, I'll keep you in the loop. Thank you for your help today.

I was wondering if you need any help on your new project.
Sure! That would be great! Are you good at writing or would you rather do the computer work?
I would like to help with the computer work.
Great! We are going to be working in teams of three. Are you OK working with others?
Yes, I like working like that.
We will begin next Monday. Would you be available then?
Yes, I can be there.
Well, if you could send me your basic background information before next Monday, it would be useful.
OK, I will send the information to you.
Well then, thanks for your help. Have a great day!

Could I help you on your new project?
I have a need for help with writing and also a need for help with the computer work. Which would you prefer?
I want to help with both.
That would be wonderful. Sometimes we will be working together and sometimes independently. Would that be OK?
Most of the time that is what I prefer.
We start on Monday. Can you be there?
I am not sure yet.
I need your background information before the meeting.
I will do that.
I'll enjoy working with you. Have a great day!

Would you like me to help you on your new project?
I would love the help! Would you prefer helping with the writing part or is programming more your thing?
I would enjoy helping with the writing portion.
Perfect! You'll be working alone on that portion. Do you like to work alone?
That is OK sometimes.
Our first meeting is next Monday. Could you meet with us at that time?
No, I can't be there.
Please send me your background information before the meeting so I can look at it.
I can send that information to you.
OK. I look forward to working with you. Enjoy your week!

How do I order the office supplies that I need?
Fill out this form with whatever you need. What do you need the most?
I need many things.
I can get a few of them right away, but might have to order some.
I can wait a few days for these items.
Make sure that you have money allocated for these supplies. How much do you have for office supplies?
I don't think we have very much money for supplies, but we have a little.
Would you like them delivered to you or can you come get them here?
I am not sure yet.
When you finish completing the request form, we will order and let you know when the supplies are here. Have a great day!
Good-bye!

I need help in ordering my office supplies.
You can print out a copy of the Order Supply Form from our company web site and turn in into me. What will you be needing?
I need ink cartridges, staples, and Post-its.
Will you need all of them right away or can some wait?
Some of these can wait but there are a few things that I need right away.
You can only buy supplies that you have a budget for. Do you know what your budget is?
We have plenty of money for office supplies.
You can pick these supplies up or they can be delivered to your building. Which would you prefer?
I want to pick them up.
Well, just finish the request and we will contact you when the supplies come in. Have a good day!
You too!

Excuse me. I was wondering how to order office supplies.
We have a requisition form on the company web site. What type of supplies do you need?
I need paper, ink cartridges, and paper clips.
How quickly will you need your supplies?
I need all of my supplies right away.
We also will have to check your department budget. Do you know how much money you have for office supplies?
I will check to see what my budget is.
Would you like these supplies delivered or would you like to pick them up?
Please deliver them to my office.
Fine, well just send the form to us and we will let you know as soon as your supplies come in. Have a good day!
Thank you!

What should I do to prepare for a job interview?
An understanding of the basic workings of a company and the services or goods it provides is essential. Do you have that?
Sort of, but I could know more, I guess.
With that understanding, you can figure out what your company is looking for in terms of basic attitude. Right?
I think that they are a very formal company.
What you wear is important. So keep in mind what is suitable for the company and type of work you will be doing. Need help?
I need a lot of help in this area.
In addition to clothes we need to think about other basics, OK?
Yes, what else should we think of?
Be prompt. Don't forget to be friendly and interested. Listen carefully and listen to what they are really asking you. You'll be a hit!

What is the best way to find a job here?
There are different ways of conducting a job search. Do you know what you want to do?
I don't know.
Can you work part-time or full-time?
It doesn't matter right now, either one would be OK.
The binders have current local jobs listings and the computer jobs lists are good too. Understand?
OK, I'll go check it out.
Schedule an appointment with a counselor and you can get more information. Would that work for you?
I am not sure.
Everything that you need for a successful job search is here. Happy job searching!

I was wondering if you could help me use the Student Job Center.
There are many ways ; what kind of job would you like?
I want to work in a restaurant.
Fine! Will you need part-time or full-time work?
I want to work part-time.
Fine, the two best ways are to use our local listings binders over there or you can use the computers with the Internet job listing sites. See them over there?
Yes, I know what to do.
Well, in addition, you can schedule an appointment with a job counselor on this list. If you would like to do that, sign here, OK?
Yes, I think that would be great.
Fine, well the job search tools are all here for you to use. Feel free to look around and use what works best for you. Have fun with it!

Could you help me figure out how to look for a job?
We have lots of options, what type of job do you need?
I want to work in an office.
Do you want to work part-time or full-time?
I want to work full-time.
We have binders with local job listings or you can make use of the computers. OK?
I am confused a bit but I am sure that I can figure it out.
If you make an appointment with a job counselor, they can also provide you with a lot of information. Do you want to see a counselor?
No, I don't think I need to do that.
Well, you know that this job center is here for your use, so help yourself. Good luck!

What will I earn per year in this job?
You can expect to earn sixty-five thousand dollars per year.
Are we covered by a good benefits plan?
The job has a menu plan where you are given a fixed amount of money and you choose what you most need in terms of benefits.
Can we take personal days off?
You get 2 weeks paid vacation and an additional 10 days of sick leave.
What do you offer in terms of a retirement plan?
We do not currently offer any retirement plan.
Do you reimburse for education that relates to my job?
We allow several weeks release time each year for our employees to attend job-related seminars and conferences.
Do you have a benefits brochure?
Whoa! Who said you got the job?

What is the annual salary for this job?
The annual salary is sixty-five thousand dollars per year.
What does the benefits package include?
This job pays for half of your medical, dental, and disability.
Do we get paid time off?
You have a total of 21 days paid time off which can be used for vacation, personal, or sick leave.
How about retirement?
We still offer a traditional retirement plan that pays out if you stay with the company for 5 years or more.
Can I get company provided specialized training?
We offer full tuition reimbursement for job related classes.
Where is the benefits office?
It's on the second floor in Suite 201.

Hello, I really appreciate the opportunity to interview for this position.
I was wondering if you like team projects, or projects that you work on alone.
I like to work on group projects that value and need each individual’s contributions.
Are you most interested in a good steady job with benefits or one that will allow you to quickly advance?
I have children so a steady job is important but I would like a chance to advance.
How would you feel about relocating to another state?
I could not relocate in the next year, but might be open to it in the future.
Do you know how much this job offers per year?
A minimum of 75,000 per year.
OK, well, that’s all I need to know for now. If something comes up, we’ll be contacting you.

May I ask you how much this position pays per year?
This job pays sixty-five thousand dollars per year.
What kind of benefits does this job have?
This job provides full medical, dental, and disability.
What type of vacation time do we get?
You get 3 weeks paid vacation that you may use as you wish.
Do we have a 401K?
We offer a 401K with some matching funds available depending on length of service.
What type of professional development do you offer?
We provide up-to-date training on state of the art equipment.
Where do I sign up for my benefits package?
Down the hall. I'll show you when the interview is over.

Good morning, I am here for my interview.
Hello, nice to meet you. I’m Mr. Gotcha. Have any trouble finding the place?
No problem.
So why don’t you tell me why you are interested in changing positions?
Unfortunately, our company is shutting down due to the economy.
What would you consider your strengths?
I am probably best at researching for marketing purposes.
What is your biggest weakness?
I tend to get bored easily and so love to keep myself challenged.
We have a position where that could work out well.

Good morning. Thank you for the interview.
No problem. Now, do you prefer working with others or flying solo?
Actually, I enjoy both.
So, what is most important to you in a job? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance?
I need job security.
Would you be able to relocate?
I am open to relocating.
What are your annual salary requirements?
I need at least 75,000 per year.
I’ll keep that in mind. Thank you for coming in today. We’ll be in touch.

Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity to interview for this position.
Hello, have a seat. I’m Bill Gotcha. I am assuming you found your way here with no trouble?
Actually, I am very familiar with the area so there was absolutely no problem.
I am curious as to why you want to leave your current employer.
I am interested in switching fields.
Do you feel that you are exceptionally good at anything in particular.
I am good at pulling together teams of people to accomplish a task.
What are you not good at?
I am impatient with myself at times and am hard on myself.
We appreciate hearing that about you!

Is this the class to prepare for interviews?
This is the right place. Please join us.
I have an interview tomorrow, so I hope I can learn everything quickly.
We are all going to have great interviews. What are some things that we need to remember in an interview?
I think that we should make sure that our looks are the best they can be.
Right, and what about our friendliness and attitude?
Yes, and being friendly and having a good attitude also help me relax.
Did you know that they pay as much attention to what you ask as to what you say in an interview?
No, I didn’t. What else should I keep in mind?
Just relax, listen carefully to the questions, and be honest in your responses.

Hello, thank you for taking the time to interview me.
Hi there, I’m Bill Gotcha, the owner of Gotcha Enterprises. Did you find your way here OK?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions.
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States.
What are you best at?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems.
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills?
I don’t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy.
That is good to hear!

Should I tell EDD that I have found a job?
Is this a temporary job or something more permanent?
What difference does it make?
When you get your next Continued Claim Form, you should just write down where you worked and note that you no longer need unemployment.
If I take a short job and then get laid off, will I be starting over trying to get unemployment?
Just because you work for a week doesn’t mean that you will be losing your benefits.

I was trying to find the class on preparing for interviews.
You have found your way to the interview class. Please come in!
I am so happy I found this class because I was really nervous about my upcoming interview.
When we go into an interview, what do you think our first consideration should be?
Our dress and grooming are probably the first thing an interviewer judges us by.
Friendliness and a good attitude are also very important.
Yes, and they help establish a friendly tone for the rest of the interview.
The interviewers always are interested in what you ask them about their company.
What else should I be thinking about?
Be yourself and be honest. Simply answer the questions put to you.

Is this the workshop to prepare for an interview?
This is the interview class. Welcome to our class.
I am really excited to be taking this workshop so that I can get ready for my interview next week.
We are all learning things that will help us in our interview. What do you think are some important considerations going into your interview?
I think that we should dress neatly and appropriately.
Yes. Second, as you can imagine, attitude and friendliness go a long way.
Yes, and I always feel much better when I am friendly.
Believe it or not, the interviewers are as interested in your questions as they are in your answers.
Any more hints as to what I should do in an interview?
Always be honest with your answers. The interviewers really do want to know if you will be a good fit for them.

I heard that EDD has special services to help me get a job.
callous is a great Internet-based placement service that is available to you.
I don’t have access to a computer.
There is an area at the EDD Center that is set up with computers for you to make use of.
Is there anything else at the EDD offices to help me with my job search?
We can provide you with information that will help you understand what is available. We also provide workshops.
If I go to EDD in person, what type of workshops might I find there?
Our two most important workshops are Resume Writing and Interviewing.
What are some other places where I might look for work?
Job fairs are popular places to look for work.

How do I know when to tell EDD that have I started a new job?
Work is work, whether it’s a part-time or temporary job or a full-time gig.
So I guess I have to report that I’Ve found a little bit of work.
All you need to do is fill in the blanks correctly on the Continued Claim Form, and the EDD Office will take care of the rest.
What about if I find a job that I know will only last for a couple of weeks? Can I take it?
It is to your advantage to work as much as you can.

How do I get to the EDD?
Actually, you do not need to go into the office to file a claim. You can do it over the phone or the Internet.
Can I go in to look for a job at their office?
That’s a good decision. They have many good job search tools there.
Is there an office near me?
The Internet has a list of Employment Development Offices listed online.
Do you know where the local office for this area is?
Our office is over on Green Street, just west of the college.
If I go there, will I be able to collect money right away?
Everyone has a one-week waiting period before they can collect.

Do you have any job placement services at EDD?
The first thing that you should check out is callous, which is a great Internet-based placement service that you can use.
What about people who don’t have a computer?
You can search for jobs on the computers at the EDD offices.
What else is there at the EDD offices that can help me with my job search?
We can help you find local information about available jobs and workshops.
What are the different workshops that are available at the EDD offices?
Resume Writing and Interviewing are our two most popular workshops.
Can you think of some other places where I may look for work?
Many times there are special services available to certain groups like Women at Work or job help for non-English speakers.

Hi, is this the Resume Writing Workshop?
Yes, this is the Resume Writing Workshop. Welcome!
I really don’t know that much about putting together a resume.
It’s easy. Don’t worry about it.
What’s the most important part?
Well, the most important thing we need to do is make sure that our name and contact information are across the top.
What comes next?
You can either list your job experience next or your education--whichever is the most impressive should be first.
Can I list my interests next?
Sure, that would be a good place for them.

I was wondering if this is where the Resume Writing Workshop is being held.
You are in the right place. Please come on in!
It’s been a long time since I’Ve had to look for work and put a resume together.
It’s going to come together just fine. Trust me!
Where do we begin?
We start at the top with our name and contact information. Make sure the information is current.
Then what do we do?
Put your job experience first, if that is more impressive than your education.
What about listing my interests and affiliations next?
Yes, that would make a good ending for your resume.

Can you tell me where the supply shop is?
Sure. It’s on basement level one. Turn right when you get off the elevator.
Great! Thanks a lot!
No problem, John.

Excuse me, ma’am?
Yes. What can I do for you?
I’m new here and I can’t seem to find the lunch room.
Oh, it’s right downstairs. I’m going there myself. Just follow me.

Excuse me, Mr. Emory?
Yes, Christine?
Could you tell me where the copier is, please?
Sure. You just walk down this hallway. The copy room is the second room on the right.

Excuse me, young man?
Yes, ma’am?
Could you point me in the direction of the bank? I’Ve lost my way.
Certainly, ma’am. Just take these stairs down to the first floor and turn left. You can’t miss it.

I was looking for the Resume Writing Workshop.
You came to the right spot. Come on in and join us!
I am not really sure that I remember how to even put a resume together.
I am here to show you how to put together the perfect resume. It will turn out great!
How do we get started?
We need to put our name and contact information across the top.
Then what?
You can list your education at the top, or choose your job experience to be there if it is more impressive.
Could I list my interests and special skills next?
I think that that would work out quite well as an ending for your resume.

When would you like me to send those plans over to your office, Mr. Montgomery?
It would be good if you could get them to me by Thursday afternoon, Ms. Barkley.
That shouldn’t be a problem. What is the exact address, again?
7880 Crofton Avenue, Building 40A, Room 304.

Excuse me, sir? I just need a little bit more information. Could you tell me your telephone number and mailing address?
Sure. My number is 545-8897, and I live at 908 Mulbury Street.
That’s 545-8897 and your mailing address is 908 Mulbury Street. The zip code is 20310, right?
That’s right.

Yes, Mr. Emory?
I need the number for John Reese’s office.
Just one moment, sir. Here you are – 767-4512.

Roger? I need figures for accounting. Have finished the calculations?
I’m just finishing now, ma’am. I’ll have them ready within the hour.
All right, thanks.
You’re welcome, ma’am. I’ll call you when they’re ready.

Mark! I was wondering if you finished that presentation you were working on last week?
Just about. It should be done in the next couple of days. Why?
Mr. Rodriguez was asking me about it yesterday.
I’ll give him a call.

When can you get the finished product to me?
We should have it put together by the end of next week.
Great! That’ll be ahead of schedule! Good work.
Well, as the saying goes – we aim to please!

Excuse me, Mr., Macmillan? Could you tell me the fax number for Mr. Winthrop’s office, please?
Sure. I have it right here. 232-2453. If that one doesn’t work, try 232-2456.
Okay – that’s 232-2453, or 232-2456.
That’s right.

Mr. Carmichael, this is Ellen Bower calling again. You had said I should call this week to schedule an interview with you.
That’s right, Ms. Bower. How are you? I’m not sure if I’ll be able to fit you in this week, I’m afraid.
I understand, Mr. Carmichael. I’d be glad to make it some time next week.
All right, then. Why don’t we say next Tuesday at 11:30 a. m.?

I was wondering if I could collect unemployment benefits.
Did you get laid off?
I am still working for now, but I might get laid off.
You may collect unemployment if you are working fewer hours or got laid off.
Does everyone who gets laid off get to collect unemployment?
No, some jobs are exempt from paying into unemployment.
How can I find out if I can collect?
Your employer can tell you if you have been paying into unemployment and now qualify to collect.
How will I know how much I can collect on unemployment?
It depends on how much you earned. When you file, they will determine the amount.

Are there any special unemployment forms I need to fill out?
You need to get a special application form.
Do you know where I can find the application form?
You can go to the Employment Development Office and pick it up.
What records will I have to show to apply for unemployment benefits?
They will need a record showing who you worked for and when you worked for them.
Is there anything else I will need to provide?
Be prepared to show a written notice of your termination as proof.
Do I need to do anything else after I turn in the application?
You will receive a notice for a phone interview, which will continue the process.

How do I know if I qualify for unemployment benefits?
Are you working fewer hours than you used to work?
I got laid off.
You usually qualify if you got laid off or are working a lot fewer hours.
Do all jobs provide unemployment?
Most jobs provide unemployment, but some don’t.
Do you think that my job pays unemployment?
You can call your unemployment office, and they can check for you.
Will I be able to collect a lot of money on unemployment?
There is a formula to determine the amount based on how much you earned. They will let you know when you file your claim.

Can I collect unemployment benefits?
Are you still working?
My employer cut back on my hours.
If you got laid off or are working a lot fewer hours, you may qualify.
Do I definitely get to collect unemployment?
Not all jobs pay into unemployment insurance, so their employees cannot collect benefits.
How do I check out my status to collect unemployment?
You should have noticed unemployment insurance being deducted from your paycheck. Check your pay stubs.
How much will my unemployment check be?
The more money you made, the more you will earn on unemployment. They have a formula.

What forms should I fill out to collect unemployment?
You need to fill out a special form to apply for unemployment benefits.
Where do I get the application form for unemployment benefits?
You can call the Employment Development Office and request a form.
What information will I need to provide to apply for unemployment?
Be prepared to provide your employer’s name and address and what dates you worked.
What else will the Employment Development Office need?
You need to be prepared to show that your unemployment is not your fault. If you have a termination notice, that would be great.
What will happen next?
The Employment Development Office will call you for an interview.

How do I know what forms to fill out for unemployment?
There is a special form to apply for unemployment benefits.
How do I get the form to apply for unemployment benefits?
You can go online to begin the application process.
What type of information will I have to provide to the Employment Development Office?
You need to be able to say whom you worked for and when.
Will they need anything else from me?
You should be able to provide a layoff notice or proof of severance.
What should I do after I turn in the application?
You need to be interviewed over the phone. They will set up a time for you.

I was wondering if you could go over the services available at EDD to help me get a job.
The best opportunity is called callous, which is an Internet-based job placement service that you can make use of.
Do I have to have a computer at home?
There are computers at our EDD offices for you to use in your job search.
Do you have any other services available?
We have information available about the job market as well as workshops.
What kinds of workshops are available at the EDD?
We have workshops in Resume Writing and Interviewing, to name a few.
Are there other places, outside of EDD, that I may look for work?
College job placement services can help.

I haven’t seen you in a while. How have you been?
Things are going fairly well. How about you?
Well, I’m hanging in there, but I lost my job and need to find another one quickly.
I am looking for a job myself. What were you thinking of doing next?
I am just trying to find something that will pay the bills until this bad economy passes by.
Have you gotten any interviews yet?
No, I haven’t been out on one interview yet.
Have you thought about the electrician program over there?
I think that I might be interested in that position.
I think we should go over there and see if we can apply for that program.

After I am accepted for unemployment benefits, what will happen next?
You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter.
What will that tell me?
The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly.
Are there any other forms that I need to fill out?
You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks.
What information will I need to provide on that form?
They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made.
Are there any other questions on the form?
Basically, they want to know that you were available for work and not sick.

Hi! How are things going with you?
I am doing well. What’s up with you?
Believe it or not, the company I worked for closed down, so I’m out of a job.
The same with me. Have you given much thought to what you want to do next?
I am not being all that particular right now because I just need to keep a roof over my head.
How about interviews? Have you been on any of those yet?
I wish that I could get the opportunity to be interviewed.
How about the electrician program that they have listed over there?
I read about that, and the position sounded great!
Let’s go see how we can apply for those positions.

What should I do when I find a job?
There are a few considerations. Is this a part-time or full-time job?
Does it make a difference?
Basically, you really don’t need to do much of anything. On the Continued Claim Form, you will note that you now have a new job and also note what you are earning.
If I get work for a few weeks, will I be terminated from EDD?
You will not mess up your job benefits by taking work. You can always come back and notify EDD that you are once again in need of assistance.

Hey there, how are you doing?
I am great. How are you?
Well, I got laid off, and I’m looking for work.
Yeah, me too! What are you thinking you would like to do?
Right now, I’ll take about anything that will pay the mortgage.
Have you gone out on any interviews so far?
I went out on one interview, but I haven’t heard back from them.
Did you see the posting for the electrician apprentice program?
You know, I saw that and it looks pretty good!
Let’s go check it out again!

Will they send me a form telling me that I have been granted unemployment?
A Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter will be sent to you.
What information will be in that letter?
The Award Letter will inform you as to how much you will receive.
What other forms will I need to turn in?
Every two weeks you will receive a Continued Claim Form that you must turn in.
What will they be asking me on that form?
You must show that you were available and that you looked for work.
What else will they ask me?
One of the questions they ask you is if you were well enough to work.

Will I get notification that I qualify for unemployment?
The Employment Development Office will send you a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter.
What is contained in that letter?
In addition to telling you how much you will receive, the beginning and ending dates of your claim will be included.
Will the Award Letter tell me what I need to fill out next?
You will receive a Continued Claim Form and every two weeks, you must turn it in.
When I fill out the Continued Claim Form, what will I need to tell them?
You must show where and when you tried to look for work. If you earned any money, you need to tell them about it.
What other information does the form ask for?
You have to tell them if you were too sick to work on any of the days that you should have been looking for work.

I am calling to find out why I didn’t receive an unemployment check this week.
Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period?
I think I forgot to send it in!
You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid.
Can I send it in now?
You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due. If it hasn’t been, we will still accept it.
Can I mail it in early next time so it isn’t late?
Actually, you cannot mail it in early, as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date.
Will my paycheck come right away now?
Your check will arrive a little late.

Is there someone I can talk to about a payment question?
Yes, we can handle that here. How can I help you?
My paycheck that just arrived is less than last week’s check.
Did you work at all during the last pay period?
Yes, actually, I did make a little bit of money.
Did you report it on your Continued Claim Form?
Yes, I showed that income on the Continued Claim Form.
Well, we deducted a portion of the income that you made from this week’s check.
Maybe I just shouldn’t show the income then.
That is cheating and, if you get caught, you will be fined and disqualified from collecting unemployment.

Could you help me figure out why I am missing my unemployment check for this week?
I hope that you remembered to send in your last Continued Claim Form.
I am pretty sure that I didn’t send that claim form in.
You have to send that form in every two weeks so we that we will know what to pay you.
Can I mail it in late?
If it is not more than fourteen days past its due date, then you may still mail it in.
I think that I will mail it in right away when I get it next time, so I won’t be late.
You can’t mail it in early because you don’t know, in advance, how much you will be working.
Even though I was late turning in my form, will my paycheck be late?
Yes, your check will be a little late in getting to you.

I was wondering if someone in your office could help me with a question I have about my payment.
I would be happy to answer any questions you might have.
My paycheck seems to be smaller than the one I received last week.
What about income? Did you make any money during that period?
My old employer gave us a couple days of work during that period.
When you filled out your Continued Claim Form, did you show that income?
Of course I wrote down the work that I had done on the Continued Claim Form.
What happens is, when you make money, we take part of your benefits away.
I am not going to show any income from now on then.
I wouldn’t do that if I were you. There is a severe penalty if you get caught making false statements.

I have a question about my payment and need someone to help me.
Yes, I would be happy to answer a question about payment. What do you need help with?
I can’t figure out why my paycheck this week is smaller than last week’s.
Did you generate any income during that time period?
I made a little bit of money, but not much.
Did that income show up on your last Continued Claim Form?
I claimed the work I did on the last Continued Claim Form.
When you are able to find work and get paid, we always take away part of your check.
That being the case, I don’t think that I am going to show the income next time.
Don’t do it! If you get caught making false statements, you can have your claim closed.

Well, Mr. Brooks. I’m sorry, again, for the delay, but we should have everything completed by the time you get back.
I certainly hope so. Can we arrange to meet on the 27th? That should give you enough time.
Yes, sir. That’s more than enough time. I do appreciate your understanding. Why don’t we say 10:00 o’clock on the 27th?
Fine, Mr. Tan. I’ll see you then.

I didn’t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why.
Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form?
I am afraid that I forgot to send it in.
We cannot pay you unless you turn that form in every two weeks.
Is it too late to mail the Continued Claim Form in now?
It can’t be more than fourteen days late for us to accept it.
I will mail it in a little early next time to avoid this problem.
You can’t possibly know in advance how much you will be working. If you mail it in too soon, we will reject it!
Will my paycheck arrive late because I messed up on my form?
Your check will be arriving late, but the next one will come right on time.

All right, Mr. Crane, when will you be arriving in the city?
I should be coming in on the 11:30 mooring flight. How far is the office from the airport?
Only 25 minutes or so. We’ll send somebody to meet you. That’s 11:30 a. m. Friday the 15th?
That’s right. I’ll be in the baggage area.

morning, Mr. Winthrop. This is Sally Parker, Mr. Emory’s secretary. Mr. Emory has asked me to set up a meeting with you.
Certainly, Miss Parker, Let me get my book. My secretary’s out and I can’t keep anything straight!
I understand. Would you like me to call you back?
No – That’s all right. How about the 30th at 4:00 p. m.? – Is an hour enough?

Roger? Would it be possible to meet with you to discuss my department’s budget?
Of course, Debbie. Let me look at my schedule, - - I have some free time on the 12th. That’s this Thursday at 9:00 a. m.
All right. That’ll be fine. Can you put together a rough idea of the kind of money I’ll have available for the next year?
Certainly. I’Ve already worked out a general budget for all the departments.

Richard! I need those tax forms from you before five!
Oh, I’m sorry. I forgot about those completely. I’ll bring them by your office.
Okay. The sooner the better.
You bet. I’ll swing by after lunch, okay?

I hate to do this to you, Alice, but I’m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime.
Does it have to be this afternoon, Mr. Fairbanks? I’Ve already made plans.
Well, I would have preferred to do it today, but if you’Ve already made plans, we can do it tomorrow.
I’d appreciate that, sir. How long do you think you’ll need me to stay?

Thank you for your application, Mr. Sweeney. Mr. Jacobs would like to set up an interview for early next week. Do you have time?
Yes, ma’am. I could come in any day next week, except for Friday morning.
Fine. Let me take a look at his schedule. He’s free on Tuesday afternoon at 1:30. Could you come in then?
Yes. That would be fine.

morning, Mr. Emory. I was hoping to set up an appointment with you for sometime this week.
Hmm. I’m pretty booked up this week. Let’s move it up to next week.
Fine, Mr. Emory. Would next Monday at 4:00 o’clock be all right for you?
Let me take a look. All right, that’s no problem. See you then.

I definitely want to meet with you, Mr. Parker. I just need to sort out my schedule.
Well, I know you’re pretty booked up these days. But, we’Ve got to work fast on this.
I realize that. We don’t have any time to waste. I can put you down for 9:20. Could you make that, Mr. Parker?
Let me see. That’s no problem. I’ll see you then.

Hello? Is this the Maintenance Department?
Yeah. That’s right. What can I do for you?
We’re having a lot of trouble with our printer. Could you come and take a look at it sometime this afternoon?
Let me see. Yeah, all right. I’ll be over about two.

Paul, can I set up a time with you to go over the training manual?
Sure. Let me just grab my calendar. All right. I’m free all day Tuesday and Thursday morning.
Tuesday morning is good for me. How about 10:30 in my office?
Okay. Sounds good. See you then.

I’ll need to meet with you before you go on vacation, Alex. I have a few things to clear up.
I’ll be glad to. But my schedule is super tight this week. I think the only time I have free is at lunch on Wednesday.
That’s fine. I can make that.
All right, then. I’ll see you at noon on Wednesday.

Hello. Mr. Othman? This is Michael in Mr. Emory’s office. He’d like to set up and appointment with you to talk about buying a new copier.
Sure, I’d be glad to. What time frame did he have in mind?
He’d like to do it as soon as possible, sir. How about tomorrow at 2:45?
Mm, yeah, that’ll be great. Tell him I’ll see him then.

Tom, this is Mary Bobbins. She’s just come over from sales.
It’s nice to meet you! Guess we’ll be working together.
Yes, she’ll be working closely with you on the marketing end of things.
Good. Well, welcome aboard, Ms, Robbins.

morning, Mr. Montgomery. I’Ve been sent over from purchasing to fill in for Clare Williams.
Oh, really? Nice to meet you. I thought they were going to leave me here on my own! How long have you been with the company?
Oh, about seven years. Time flies, you know!
Does it ever! Well, let’s get started. If you could begin typing this letter now, I’ll see what else needs to be done.

Excuse me, Richard? Are you busy at the moment?
Not really, Betty. What do you need?
My fax machine’s on the blink. Would you take a look at it?
Sure. I just need to do one other job first. How about if I come up around 11:30?

Hi, John Phillips? I’m Rose Green. I’Ve been asked to handle your training and introduce a little bit of the company to you. It’s nice to meet you.
It’s nice to meet you, too, Ms. Green. This company seems so big right now ; I don’t know how I’ll ever get used to it.
After a week, you’ll be running around here like a pro. Let me give you this list of departments first, next to each department is its location and the name of the manager.
Great – That’ll be big help, Ms. Green.

Excuse me. Mr. Emory?
Yes, Ms. Rodriguez? How can I help you?
I wanted to see if I could arrange a meeting with you to discuss recruitment.
Absolutely. I’Ve been wanting to meet with you about that. Let me just get my book.

Mr. Crane’s office. Sandy speaking. May I help you?
Hi, Sandy. It’s Walter Knight. I need to book some time with Mr. Crane.
Certainly, Mr. Knight. When would you like to meet with him?
Can you see what his schedule is like on Wednesday?

All right. I want to bring everybody in on this project. When can we start working on this?
Well, we could probably get started with a strategy meeting tomorrow morning at 8
I tell you what, 800 is no good for me, but why don’t you guys get started and I’ll come by at around 8
That’s fine with me. How much time are we going to have to work on this?

Excuse me, Alex?
What can I do for you, Kim?
I was wondering if you could get together with me to go over the payroll.
Sure, anytime.

I’d like to set a fixed time for this meeting before we finish today. Can you all take a look at your schedules?
Thursday mornings are usually the slowest around here. Why don’t we set it for Thursday at 10:00 a. m.?
That’s out for me. I already have a standard meeting on Thursdays at 9:30 a. m. How about Wednesday afternoon at 2
That’s all right for my department. I don’t know how the rest of you feel.

Paul? I need to work out a time to get together with your people.
Does everybody need to be there? Hilary and Jason are on vacation this week.
It would be best if everybody could be there. How about next week sometime?
Let me take a look at the schedule. I’ll get back to you this afternoon, all right?

Let’s meet before next week’s meeting, Jane. I want to kick around some ideas with you.
No problem. I’Ve got a really light week. Anytime’s fine by me.
Well, let’s plan to get together next Monday afternoon, around three?
All right, I’ll put you in my book.

Well, I’m glad I had a chance to see these samples, but I’m really not in a position to make a decision right now.
Would you like me to leave the samples with you?
Yeah, why don’t you do that, and then you can give me a call sometime next week.
Fine, Mr. Grant. Thanks for your time. I’ll talk to you next week.

Susan? We’re having a farewell party for John Anderson today.
What time? I’d like to go, but my calendar is really full today.
We’re starting at 12:00 and it’ll go on for the rest of the afternoon.
I’ll try to make it. I should be able to fit some time in around 3 o’clock.

I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue. We’re redecorating and are going to add some things.
Well, I’ll be glad to help you out. I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week.
Let’s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday. We’ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit.
Fine. I’ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogues on Thursday.

Excuse me, Bill?
Hi, Christine. How’s it going?
Fine, thanks. Mr. Emory would like to meet with Mr. Macmillan tomorrow afternoon. Can you take a look at his book?
Sure, just a second. All right, what time?

Grant. How is everything?
Pretty well, thanks. We’Ve just been incredibly busy! I need to set up a meeting for Mr. Graham.
Sure. What’s it about?
He wants to go over the bonuses for this year. He’ll need to meet with Mr. Winthrop and Ms. Montgomery. Can you set it up for me?

Karen? I need to go over a few things with you.
Certainly. Mr. Graham. When would you like to meet?
I was thinking about this afternoon, after the sales meeting.
Fine. At 3:30?

Rich! I’m glad I caught you. Mr. Carlton’s just come over here from the main office.
Yeah? What does he want?
He needs to see the two of us to talk about next week’s annual sales meeting.
I haven’t got two minutes at the moment. Can’t you go over things without me?

John, I’Ve asked you not to smoke in here! I don’t want to see you smoking in my office again.
I’m sorry, Ms. Fairbanks. I won’t let it happen again.
That’s what you said the last time! If you want to smoke, you’ll have to use your break time and go outside!
I understand, Ms. Fairbanks.

Allan, I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project.
Look, Sally. I’Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else.
No, I’m sorry. I disagree. I don’t think you’Ve been working at full speed at all.
Well. I’m sorry you feel that way.

